A baby and an adult are being followed by rhino.
A baby elephant is eating small tree.
A baby elephant is not eating small tree.
A baby is cheerfully playing with dog.
A baby is cheering another baby.
A baby is crawling happily.
A baby is crying.
A baby is laughing.
A baby is licking dog.
A baby is not crawling happily.
A baby is not playing guitar.
A baby is not playing with doll.
A baby is playing guitar.
A baby is playing with dog .
A baby is playing with doll.
A baby is playing with toy.
A baby is sitting.
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby.
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby.
A baby is splashing inside blue paddling pool.
A baby is talking.
A baby is toddling happily.
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in pen.
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino.
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino.
A baby rhino is walking around pen with its mother.
A baby tiger is playing with ball.
A badger is shrewdly digging earth.
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging earth.
A bald man in band is playing an instrument in spotlight.
A bald man in band is playing guitar in spotlight.
A bald person is playing guitar.
A ball is being caught by dog in mid air.
A ball is being chased by dog on grass.
A ball is being chased by yellow dog.
A ball made of wood is being played through door in front of large group of boys .
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking potato.
A banana is being eaten by man.
A banana is being peeled by person.
A band is not performing on stage.
A band is not playing some instruments.
A band is performing on stage.
A band is performing onstage.
A band is playing on stage.
A band is playing onstage.
A band is playing some instruments.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward sky and is standing on tennis court.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward sky and is walking on tennis court.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward stars and is walking on tennis court.
A baseball is being held in its mouth by black and white dog.
A basketball player is on court floor and another one is grabbing ball.
A basketball player is on court floor and ball is being grabbed by another one.
A bearded man is sitting by shopping cart and is dropping cardboard sign.
A bearded man is standing by shopping cart and is holding cardboard sign.
A bee is clinging to yellow flower.
A bee is taking off from yellow flower.
A bicycle is being ridden by little boy in race.
A bicycle is being ridden by man.
A bicyclist is holding bike over his head in group of people.
A bicyclist is jumping on pyramid-shaped ramp.
A bicyclist is performing trick over clean wall.
A bicyclist is performing trick over heavily graphitized wall.
A bicyclist is performing trick over wall full of graffiti.
A big black and white dog is carrying stick and is swimming.
A big black dog is wearing red collar and is in leaves with blue ball.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on cloth on street.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on jacket on street.
A big brown dog and small grey dog are standing on rocky surface.
A big cat is opening drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside.
A big cat is opening plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside.
A big city is begging for men and money holders.
A big dog and small dog with white coat are playing together.
A big dog and small white dog are playing together.
A big dog and small white dog are walking past each other.
A big dog is running on ground.
A big fish is catching man.
A big green ball is knocking potato.
A big green ball is missing potato.
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on couch.
A big potato is knocking green ball.
A big wave is being ridden by surfer across dark green water.
A big white dog is running across lawn.
A bike is being held over his head by bicyclist in group of people.
A bike is being ridden by person.
A bike is being ridden by woman wearing paint and costume pieces on busy street.
A bike is being ridden over monkey.
A bike is ridden on road by young boy in helmet .
A bike rider in black and red uniform is jumping down off dirt bike.
A bike rider in black and red uniform is standing on dirt bike.
A biker is jumping in air, alone.
A biker is naked.
A biker is riding along top of fence.
A biker is riding away from fence.
A biker is wearing gear which is black.
A biker on yellow sport bike is doing wheelie and friend on black bike is catching up.
A biker wearing black is breaking gears.
A biker with blue jacket, black pants and white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching.
A biker with blue jacket, black pants and white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch.
A biker with blue jacket, black pants and white helmet is parking on dirt and people are not watching.
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on water.
A bird is flapping its wings on water.
A bird is resting its wings in water.
A bird, which is black, is sitting on dead tree.
A black and brown cat is eyeing fly.
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect.
A black and brown dog is eyeing fly.
A black and orange bird is not standing in grass.
A black and orange bird is standing in grass.
A black and orange bird is standing on lawn.
A black and tan dog is running through low and green grass.
A black and white dog are joyfully running on grass.
A black and white dog is carrying big stick on green grass.
A black and white dog is carrying huge stick on green grass.
A black and white dog is carrying small stick on green grass.
A black and white dog is dropping baseball from its mouth.
A black and white dog is holding baseball in its mouth.
A black and white dog is jumping for ball.
A black and white dog is playing with broken ball.
A black and white dog is playing with broken volleyball.
A black and white dog is playing with frisbee in brown field.
A black and white dog is playing with new volleyball.
A black and white dog is playing with ruined volleyball in brown field.
A black and white dog is playing with tattered volleyball in brown field.
A black and white dog is running outdoors.
A black and white dog with large branch is running in field.
A black and white dog with large branch is running in grass.
A black and white dog with large branch is standing in field.
A black animal is approaching golden dog on pebbly beach.
A black animal is jumping from dock into water.
A black bike rider in red bike uniform is standing in dirt.
A black bird is sitting on dead tree.
A black bird is taking flight from dead tree.
A black bird with yellow beak is standing in green grass.
A black cat and small white and black cat are looking up at kitchen countertop.
A black cat is jumping from hay ball to another hay ball.
A black cat is swinging on fan.
A black cat is walking along rocky terrain.
A black climber is rocking dog.
A black dog and small white and black dog are looking up at kitchen countertop.
A black dog and tan dog are fighting.
A black dog and tan dog are sleeping.
A black dog and white dog are wrestling on bed.
A black dog and white dog are wrestling on floor.
A black dog and white dog are wrestling on ground.
A black dog and yellow dog are not playing with each other.
A black dog and yellow dog are playing with each other.
A black dog in snow is jumping off ground and catching stick.
A black dog in snow is jumping onto ground and missing stick.
A black dog in snow is leaping off ground and catching stick.
A black dog is approaching golden dog on pebbly beach.
A black dog is attacking brown dog on sand.
A black dog is hanging out in grass and running with its tongue out.
A black dog is jumping from cylindrical hay bale.
A black dog is jumping from dock into water.
A black dog is jumping from n hay ball to another hay ball.
A black dog is jumping off dock into pond.
A black dog is jumping off dock into water.
A black dog is jumping on dock into pond.
A black dog is leaping from cylindrical hay bale.
A black dog is leaping from hay ball to another hay ball.
A black dog is lying in grass.
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain.
A black dog is playing with brown dog on sand.
A black dog is running across rocky landscape.
A black dog is running in grass and its tongue is hanging out.
A black dog is running in grass.
A black dog is running in snow.
A black dog is sitting in grass and keeping its mouth closed.
A black dog is standing in deep water.
A black dog is standing in shallow water.
A black dog is standing on grassy hillside.
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain.
A black dog is walking through some tall grass.
A black dog on leash is walking in water.
A black dog with red collar is amusedly putting its face in water.
A black dog with red collar is putting its face in water.
A black girl with no bikini is wearing hat at beach.
A black helmet is being worn by man who is pushing bicycle.
A black man in green is riding bike.
A black man is break dancing on pavement.
A black man is running in brown grass and racing dog.
A black man is skillfully break dancing on pavement.
A black man is walking next to building in big city.
A black man is walking next to shop in big city.
A black man is walking on pavement.
A black person in white is joyfully running with dog on grass.
A black person is running along white stand and dog barks behind him.
A black rally car is throwing mud into air and is approaching bend in track.
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs.
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs.
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs.
A black shirt is being worn by man who is sitting at table and laughing.
A black topless person is packing pile of rocks and front of clouds are in background.
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by woman.
A blond boy is sliding down dune of sand on skateboard.
A blond boy is sliding down sand dune on skateboard.
A blond boy is walking up sand dune with skateboard.
A blond child is going down slide and throwing up his arms.
A blond child is holding yellow bottle.
A blond girl is looking at waves.
A blond girl is riding waves.
A blond girl waves while she is riding.
A blond kid in green is sitting on swing.
A blond kid is going down slide and throwing up his arms.
A blond woman is sitting on roof of yellow vehicle and two people are inside.
A blond woman is sitting on roof of yellow vehicle and two people are outside.
A blonde boy in green is sitting on swing.
A blonde boy in green is standing on swing.
A blonde girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes.
A blonde in green is sitting by swinging boy.
A blonde lady is looking at tower.
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes.
A blonds girl is surfing.
A blue ball is being caught by dog.
A boat is anchored.
A boat is sailing peacefully over water.
A boat is sailing quietly over water.
A boat's sail is being reflected by peaceful water.
A bottle is being licked by cat.
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by chef.
A box is being cut by man.
A boy and girl are naked.
A boy and girl are playing on outdoor gym.
A boy and girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats.
A boy and girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms.
A boy at bottom of hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees.
A boy has blue face and dirt on shirt.
A boy in band is playing flute.
A boy in blue are sliding down green slide.
A boy in blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face.
A boy in blue is running away from woman in blue.
A boy in blue is running towards woman in blue.
A boy in blue shirt has dirt on his face.
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near stack of blocks on table.
A boy in his teens is talking to girl with an internet camera.
A boy in his teens is talking to girl with webcam.
A boy in his teens isn't talking to girl with webcam.
A boy in red shirt is behind long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing camera.
A boy in red shirt is in front of long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at camera.
A boy in red shirt is in front wall, which is long and blue, and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at camera.
A boy in strange outfit is riding bike.
A boy in striped shirt is jumping behind water fountain.
A boy in striped shirt is jumping in front of water fountain.
A boy in striped shirt is playing in front of water fountain.
A boy in swimsuit is sitting on circular fountain.
A boy in swimsuit is sitting on top of circular fountain.
A boy in white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water.
A boy is attentively looking at calendar.
A boy is being knocked into water by dog.
A boy is checking calendar.
A boy is climbing up wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to rope.
A boy is comfortably sitting in room and playing piano by lamp.
A boy is coming down wall artificially built for climbing and isn't attached to rope.
A boy is cutting grass with scissors.
A boy is eating cupcake.
A boy is effortlessly climbing up wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to rope.
A boy is fearfully walking across bridge.
A boy is filling pitcher with water.
A boy is hanging fishing rod and running in front of fish .
A boy is hanging rod for fishing and running in front of fish.
A boy is happily playing piano.
A boy is hitting baseball.
A boy is holding hose next to man and another boy is watching.
A boy is holding squirt gun.
A boy is jumping off platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him.
A boy is jumping off platform and two other boys are standing and watching.
A boy is jumping off side of stone water fountain in front of building.
A boy is jumping off side of water fountain made of stone in front of building.
A boy is jumping on platform and two other boys are sitting absentmindedly.
A boy is jumping on side of stone water fountain in front of building.
A boy is jumping rope on sidewalk near parking garage.
A boy is knocking dog with bottle of water.
A boy is laying down hose next to man and another boy is running away.
A boy is looking at calendar.
A boy is looking down and wearing wedding veil.
A boy is mowing lawn.
A boy is not playing guitar.
A boy is playing an instrument.
A boy is playing game with blocks made of wood.
A boy is playing game with steel blocks.
A boy is playing game with wooden blocks.
A boy is playing guitar.
A boy is playing keyboard.
A boy is playing on toy phone.
A boy is playing on toy.
A boy is playing piano.
A boy is playing slip and slide in grass.
A boy is playing wind instrument.
A boy is practicing keyboard.
A boy is running away from fishing line.
A boy is running on beach.
A boy is running through grass.
A boy is running through sand.
A boy is running through sea at beach.
A boy is running through water at beach.
A boy is running towards fishing line.
A boy is saying something.
A boy is saying word.
A boy is shredding calendar.
A boy is sitting in room and playing piano by lamp light.
A boy is sitting in seat.
A boy is sitting on ground.
A boy is skateboarding on half pipe.
A boy is skillfully playing piano.
A boy is spanking man with plastic sword.
A boy is spanking man with toy weapon.
A boy is spanking woman with plastic sword.
A boy is speeding down steep slide.
A boy is standing in cold water.
A boy is standing in front of blue building in space reserved for handicapped people.
A boy is standing in front of building painted blue, in space reserved for handicapped people.
A boy is standing in room by lamp light.
A boy is standing in water.
A boy is standing next to opening of fountain.
A boy is standing outside water.
A boy is staring at calendar.
A boy is studying calendar.
A boy is styling his hair.
A boy is surfing and riding wave.
A boy is talking to leaf.
A boy is tapping his fingernails.
A boy is throwing away calendar.
A boy is walking across bridge.
A boy is waving at some young runners from ocean.
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down blow up slide.
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down blow up yellow slide.
A boy is wearing an orange shirt and striped tie.
A boy is wearing black dress and is carrying white cross.
A boy is wearing hat and is walking in wet sand.
A boy is wearing sunglasses.
A boy is wearing white hat and is running on beach.
A boy is wearing white hat and is walking on beach.
A boy is wearing yellow jacket and is jumping down from rock.
A boy is whacking man with sword.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object.
A boy of young age is playing in park with his mother.
A boy on hill covered in snow is wearing red jacket and black hat and is sliding on his knees.
A boy on red and black slide is wearing jacket and hat and has knees which are covered in snow.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing blue coat.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing coat dyed in blue.
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing blue coat.
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into paddling pool.
A boy wearing striped shirt is running barefoot on sandy hill.
A boy, who is little, is sitting in green tunnel with smile on his face.
A boy, who is wearing blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella .
A boy, who is young, is jumping in air with his knees bent and arms spread.
A boy, who is young, is playing wind instrument.
A boy, who looks young and is wearing red swimsuit, is jumping into blue kiddies pool.
A bride in white dress is running.
A bride with black veil is looking down.
A bride with white dress is looking down.
A bride with white veil is looking down.
A brown and black dog is looking upwards.
A brown and black dog is pointing nose downwards.
A brown and black dog is pointing nose upwards.
A brown and black dog is resting in leaves.
A brown and black dog is running through leaves.
A brown and white animal is jumping on sidewalk.
A brown and white cat is jumping on sidewalk.
A brown and white cat is playing on grass.
A brown and white cat with brown and black bandanna is running very fast.
A brown and white coat is floating across shallow water near trotting dog.
A brown and white dog is biting dirty tennis ball in dirt field.
A brown and white dog is catching dirty golf ball in dirt field.
A brown and white dog is catching dirty tennis ball in dirt field.
A brown and white dog is holding baseball in its mouth.
A brown and white dog is jumping in air with tennis ball in its mouth.
A brown and white dog is jumping on sidewalk.
A brown and white dog is jumping over red, yellow and white barrier.
A brown and white dog is jumping over red, yellow and white hurdle.
A brown and white dog is leaping in air with tennis ball in its mouth.
A brown and white dog is moving through wild grass.
A brown and white dog is not running through river.
A brown and white dog is passing under red, yellow and white hurdle.
A brown and white dog is playing on grass.
A brown and white dog is playing on lawn.
A brown and white dog is putting baseball in its mouth down.
A brown and white dog is resting in grass.
A brown and white dog is resting on ground with tennis ball in its mouth.
A brown and white dog is running through river.
A brown and white dog is running through tall grass.
A brown and white dog is running through water.
A brown and white dog with brown and black bandanna is quickly running .
A brown and white dog with brown and black bandanna is running very fast.
A brown dog and black dog are far from grass.
A brown dog and black dog are frolicking in sand.
A brown dog and black dog are in grass.
A brown dog and black dog are playing in sand.
A brown dog and gray dog are playing in snow.
A brown dog and grey dog are fighting in snow.
A brown dog and red dog are frolicking on beach.
A brown dog and red dog are sitting sadly on beach.
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of man in pants.
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of tall man in pants.
A brown dog is calmly standing in water.
A brown dog is carrying colored toy in grass.
A brown dog is dropping colored toy from its mouth.
A brown dog is gnawing metallic post that is stuck in ground.
A brown dog is helping another animal in front of man in pants.
A brown dog is jumping in air.
A brown dog is jumping in water.
A brown dog is looking closely at brown and white dog.
A brown dog is running across yard with toy in its mouth.
A brown dog is running after black dog on rocky shore.
A brown dog is running after dark dog on rocky shore.
A brown dog is running after white dog on rocky shore.
A brown dog is running breathlessly across yard with toy in its mouth.
A brown dog is running in snow.
A brown dog is running through grass which is tall and green.
A brown dog is running through snowy path.
A brown dog is running through snowy trail.
A brown dog is running through tall green grass.
A brown dog is sitting down.
A brown dog is standing in lake.
A brown dog is standing in water.
A brown dog is staring attentively at brown and white dog.
A brown duck with green head is flapping its wings in water.
A brown puppy is biting pole.
A brown puppy is biting stick.
A brown puppy is gnawing metallic post that is stuck in ground.
A brown puppy is gnawing wooden post that is stuck into ground.
A bubble blew, dyeing girl's shirt red..
A bull dog is being brushed by monkey.
A bull dog is brushing monkey.
A bunch of boys are playing with ball in front of large door made of wood.
A bunch of guys is on shore.
A bunch of people is on shore.
A bunny is playing with stuffed bunny.
A camera is being hammered onto nail by man.
A camera is being held in front of face of child.
A can is being bitten by dog.
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by person.
A car and train are striking toy.
A car is being driven by man.
A car is riskily jumping over girl.
A cardboard box is being touched by man in black hat.
A carrot is being sliced by woman.
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by person.
A cartoon airplane is landing.
A cat is crawling under piece of furniture.
A cat is eagerly eating corn on cob.
A cat is eating corn on cob.
A cat is eating some corn.
A cat is in sandy area with sand that is being stirred up into air and several plants are in background.
A cat is jumping high into air in country.
A cat is jumping into box.
A cat is jumping into container.
A cat is looking at store counter.
A cat is not crawling under piece of furniture.
A cat is opening drawer and climbing inside.
A cat is opening drawer and jumping inside.
A cat is playing keyboard.
A cat is playing keyboards.
A cat is playing on moving ceiling fan.
A cat is playing piano funnily.
A cat is playing piano.
A cat is playing with big bottle.
A cat is playing with device.
A cat is playing with small bottle.
A cat is playing with watermelon.
A cat is sitting on piano.
A cat is sliding upside down under couch.
A cat is sliding upside down under sofa.
A cat is stuck on ceiling fan that is moving.
A cat is stuck on moving ceiling fan.
A cat is swimming after tennis ball.
A cat is swinging on fan.
A cat is thrown at ceiling by person.
A cat is walking away from some corn.
A cat is walking on hardwood floor.
A cat is walking on parquet.
A cat song is being played on piano.
A cat with white coat, perched on small wooden cabinet, is looking outside window.
A cheetah is breathlessly chasing its prey across field.
A cheetah is chasing its prey across field.
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey..
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across field..
A chef is cleaning bowl of soup.
A chef is cooking meal.
A chef is discarding some food.
A chef is getting bowl of soup dirty.
A chef is preparing meal.
A chef is preparing some food.
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward.
A child in green and white sports uniform is resting on grass.
A child in green and white sports uniform is running over grass.
A child in green and white uniform for sports is running over grass.
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed.
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward.
A child in orange is playing outdoors with snowball.
A child in red outfit is dangerously jumping on trampoline.
A child in red outfit is jumping on trampoline.
A child is amazedly experiencing new world.
A child is experiencing new world.
A child is falling asleep.
A child is hitting baseball.
A child is holding camera in front of his face.
A child is holding squirt gun.
A child is indoors watching program about some young climbers on rock wall..
A child is looking seriously at camera and getting out of pool.
A child is making snow ball.
A child is missing baseball.
A child is not playing slip and slide in grass.
A child is not wearing coat and is carrying red sled behind child in green and black coat.
A child is playfully swimming underwater in pool.
A child is playing slip and slide in grass.
A child is playing with water spout outdoors and rest of his family is watching.
A child is running in and out of ocean waves.
A child is running in and out of waves of ocean.
A child is sitting in red and yellow toy car.
A child is sitting in toy car colored in red and yellow.
A child is slowly waking up.
A child is smashing snow ball.
A child is smiling at camera and swimming underwater.
A child is splashing in pool for children and no other children are playing in background.
A child is splashing in pool for children and other children are playing in background.
A child is splashing in pool for children and other kids are playing in background.
A child is staring at ocean waves.
A child is swimming on water's surface in pool.
A child is swimming underwater in pool.
A child is talking.
A child is waking up.
A child is walking down street and jeep is not pulling up.
A child is walking down street and jeep is pulling up.
A child is walking down street and jeep is stopping.
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over rest of his family .
A child is wearing coat and is carrying red sled behind child in green and black coat.
A child is wearing coat and is carrying red sled near child in green and black coat.
A child is wearing yellow jacket and is jumping down from rock.
A child is wearing yellow jacket and is jumping on rock.
A child with dark hair is going down slide and throwing up his arms.
A child with gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys.
A child, who has blond hair, is holding yellow bottle.
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass.
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside.
A child, who is young, is riding bike on rough dirt path.
A child, who is young, is wearing white coat and playing game.
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees.
A chimp is angrily kicking target.
A chimp is missing target.
A chimp is practicing martial arts.
A chubby faced boy is not wearing sunglasses.
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses.
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses.
A cigarette is being smoked by man in straw hat.
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in same direction inside bamboo structure.
A classroom full of students is looking in same direction inside bamboo structure.
A classroom is empty.
A classroom is full of students.
A climber is parking with children by small statue.
A climber on wall is attached to climbing boy with an artificially built rope.
A climbing boy rescues fearful cat from over wall.
A clown is singing and people are dancing.
A clown is singing.
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in field of brown grass.
A cold cyclist is celebrating.
A colored toy is being carried by brown dog in grass.
A concentrated woman is playing flute.
A container is being shaken over sink in kitchen by man.
A cook is coating pork chop.
A cook is rapidly slicing some bell peppers.
A cook is slicing some bell peppers.
A cord is being climbed by man.
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing.
A couple is looking at map.
A couple is looking at street guide.
A couple is lying on bed together.
A couple is not looking at map.
A couple is running and holding hands.
A couple is running towards ocean.
A couple is running towards water.
A couple is sitting on patio and is staring at ocean.
A couple is sitting on patio and looking at ocean.
A couple is standing on patio and looking at sky.
A couple of boys are playing video game.
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke.
A couple of policewomen are singing.
A couple of white dogs are running and jumping along beach.
A couple or people are wading through water.
A couple standing on curb.
A couple who have just got married are walking down isle.
A courageous performer is doing wheelie with motorcycle over man in blue jumpsuit.
A cow is eating grass.
A cow is eating hay.
A cow is grazing.
A cow is not eating grass.
A cow is not eating hay.
A cowboy is riding horse and cornering barrel.
A cowgirl is riding barrel near horse in corner.
A cowgirl is riding brown horse and is cornering barrel.
A cowgirl is riding horse and corners barrel.
A cramped black train is on bag of girl.
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near water.
A crowd is posing for large camera man in heavy clothing.
A crowd of people is far from water.
A crowd of people is near water.
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for camera.
A cupcake is being eaten by girl.
A cute panda is lying down.
A cute panda is not lying down.
A cute puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back.
A cyclist is being held over heads of group of people with bike.
A cyclist is biking in snowy forest at day.
A cyclist is biking in snowy forest at night.
A cyclist is biking in snowy forest in dark.
A cyclist is fearlessly performing trick in air.
A cyclist is performing jump on bicycle.
A cyclist on yellow bike is airborne.
A dad is launching his daughter into swimming pool.
A dark black dog and light brown dog are fighting in backyard.
A dark black dog and light brown dog are playing in backyard.
A dark black dog and light brown dog are playing in yard in back.
A daughter is being pushed by her father on go-kart and another girl is watching.
A dead bird is near black man sitting on tree.
A deer is jumping fence.
A deer is jumping over cyclone fence.
A deer is jumping over enclosure.
A deer is jumping over fence.
A deer is jumping over wall.
A deer is standing inside fence.
A deer isn't jumping over fence.
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into goal net.
A dirty tan dog is rolling in dirt and looking right at camera.
A dirty tan dog is rolling in water and looking right at camera.
A distant person with blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks.
A distant person with blue backpack is hiking in rocky area.
A dog and black man are running through brown leaves.
A dog has its head inside red and green gift bag.
A dog has its head outside red and green gift bag.
A dog in backyard is carrying black fur in basket in its mouth..
A dog in bucket is biting tree which is probably pine.
A dog in colored coat is running across yard.
A dog in colored coat is running swiftly across yard.
A dog in yard is running across colored coats.
A dog is barking at ball.
A dog is barking noisily.
A dog is barking.
A dog is being teased by monkey at zoo.
A dog is biting black frisbee.
A dog is biting can.
A dog is biting doll.
A dog is bouncing on trampoline.
A dog is catching ball in mid air.
A dog is catching ball.
A dog is catching black frisbee.
A dog is catching stick in air and another is watching.
A dog is catching white frisbee.
A dog is caught mid air with ball.
A dog is chasing another and is holding piece of wood in its mouth.
A dog is chasing another and is holding stick in its mouth.
A dog is chasing ball in grass.
A dog is chasing ball on grass.
A dog is chasing ball through dirt.
A dog is chasing ball.
A dog is chasing stick and holding another dog in its mouth.
A dog is chasing tail of an animal in grass.
A dog is closing can of food.
A dog is crossing river on bridge made from fallen tree.
A dog is dropping can.
A dog is eating doll.
A dog is emerging from lake.
A dog is excitedly playing with water in field.
A dog is excitedly playing with water in grass.
A dog is far from red ball in air.
A dog is fetching piece of wood out of very clear water.
A dog is fetching stick out of very clear water.
A dog is fetching stick out of very dirty water.
A dog is furiously chasing ball through dirt.
A dog is having fun with toy.
A dog is herding group of white sheep on dusty farm.
A dog is herding pack of white sheep on dusty farm.
A dog is in an area full of sand, with sand that is being stirred up into air and several plants are in background.
A dog is in sand that is blowing in air.
A dog is in sand that is blowing in wind.
A dog is in sandy area with sand that is being stirred up into air and several plants are in background.
A dog is jumping at dry leaves in field of shiny blue soccer balls.
A dog is jumping at shiny blue soccer ball in field of dry leaves.
A dog is jumping for Frisbee in snow.
A dog is jumping high into air in country.
A dog is jumping in air to catch red ball.
A dog is jumping in air.
A dog is jumping in shade of some trees.
A dog is jumping into air in country.
A dog is jumping into box.
A dog is jumping on diving board.
A dog is jumping on trampoline.
A dog is jumping on trees in shades.
A dog is leaping high in air and another is watching.
A dog is leaving ball in dirt.
A dog is licking baby.
A dog is licking toddler.
A dog is looking around.
A dog is looking at piece of furniture in shop.
A dog is looking at store counter.
A dog is losing ball on grass.
A dog is lying on trampoline.
A dog is missing ball in mid air.
A dog is near ball colored in red, which is in air.
A dog is near red ball in air.
A dog is not running towards ball.
A dog is not swimming in body of water.
A dog is opening can of food.
A dog is opening drawer and climbing inside.
A dog is opening jar of food.
A dog is playing alone on beach covered by snow.
A dog is playing alone on shore covered by snow.
A dog is playing in green field.
A dog is playing on green grass.
A dog is playing on ground.
A dog is playing with toy.
A dog is pulling monkey's tail.
A dog is pulling toddler out of rain puddle.
A dog is pushing toddler into puddle of rain.
A dog is pushing toddler into rain puddle.
A dog is quickly running uphill.
A dog is riding skateboard.
A dog is rolling from side to side.
A dog is rolling on ground.
A dog is running across rocky landscape.
A dog is running after ball in grass.
A dog is running alongside fence on dirt track.
A dog is running alongside fence on track full of dirt.
A dog is running breathlessly on road.
A dog is running downhill.
A dog is running on beach and chasing ball.
A dog is running on beach.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding ball.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding blue ball.
A dog is running on grass and chasing ball.
A dog is running on ground.
A dog is running on muddy path.
A dog is running on road.
A dog is running on sand and chasing ball.
A dog is running on sea shore.
A dog is running on snowy path.
A dog is running on snowy road.
A dog is running through field and is chasing ball.
A dog is running through field and is chasing toy.
A dog is running through snow.
A dog is running through white snow.
A dog is running towards ball.
A dog is running towards toy.
A dog is running up grassy hill.
A dog is running up hill full of grass.
A dog is running uphill.
A dog is running with ball.
A dog is running with volleyball.
A dog is running.
A dog is scattering pack of white sheep on dusty farm.
A dog is sitting by fence on dirt track.
A dog is sitting on ground.
A dog is sleeping on beach covered by snow.
A dog is sleeping on green grass.
A dog is sleeping on ground.
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding blue ball.
A dog is standing on mountain.
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for ball.
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for soccer ball.
A dog is standing on side of mountain.
A dog is standing with its two front paws on rock in field.
A dog is swimming after ball.
A dog is swimming after tennis ball.
A dog is swimming in body of water.
A dog is swimming in lake and sun is shining on him.
A dog is teasing monkey at zoo.
A dog is turning on grass and pursuing flying ball.
A dog is turning on grass and pursuing flying tennis ball.
A dog is walking along snowdrift.
A dog is walking away from baby.
A dog is walking away from tail of an animal in grass.
A dog next to tree, which is probably pine, is biting bucket.
A dog next to tree, which is probably pine, is dropping bucket.
A dog of large size is running on grass with tennis ball in its mouth.
A dog on leash is walking in water.
A dog that has brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water.
A dog that has brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water.
A dog that has white and brown colored coat is trotting through shallow water..
A dog which is furry and black is in back yard and is carrying basket in its mouth.
A dog which is furry and black is in backyard and is carrying basket in its mouth..
A dog with ball is being chased in grass.
A dog with black coat is standing in shallow water.
A dog with blanket dyed in blue is running through grass.
A dog with blue blanket is running through grass.
A dog with blue collar is not playing with ball outside.
A dog with blue collar is playing with ball in garden.
A dog with blue collar is playing with ball outside.
A dog with blue muzzle is running around yard with jacket.
A dog with golden coat is in water.
A dog with golden coat is swimming clumsily through water.
A dog with golden coat is swimming through water.
A dog with golden coat is walking out of water.
A dog with golden fur is in water.
A dog with golden fur is out of water.
A dog with long hair and red vest is running in grass.
A dog with long hair and red vest is sitting in grass.
A dog with muzzle and blue jacket is resting in yard.
A dog with muzzle and blue jacket is running around court.
A dog with muzzle and blue jacket is running around yard.
A dog with really long hair and red vest is running in grass.
A dog with tan coat is jumping up and catching tennis ball.
A dog with very long hair is being showed by woman at dog show.
A dog, which has black coat, and white dog are running on grass.
A dog, which has black coat, is running in grass and its tongue is hanging out.
A dog, which has brown and white coat, is holding baseball in its mouth.
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in street.
A dog, which is black, and white one are ignoring each other in street.
A dog, which is black, and white one are staring at each other in street.
A dog, which is black, is running in grass.
A dog, which is brown, and black one are racing in grass.
A dog, which is brown, and black one are running in grass.
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in air.
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying ball in its mouth and running across grass.
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying ball in its mouth and running across grass.
A dog, which is large and gray, is dropping ball from its mouth and stopping in grass.
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing little brown dog.
A dog, which is small, is chasing large brown cow.
A dog, which is small, is playing on green grass.
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on green grass.
A dog, which is small, is running out of green grass.
A dog, which is tan, is running through brush.
A dog, which is tan, is running through snow.
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves.
A dog's tail is being pulled by monkey.
A door is being opened by man.
A dress, which is black, red, white and pink is being worn by woman.
A drunk man is milking cat.
A drunk man is unwarily watering cat.
A duck with brown feathers and green head is flapping its wings in water.
A duck, which is large, is flying over rocky stream.
A family is buying something at vending machine.
A family is not purchasing something at vending machine.
A family is posing by mantel and Christmas tree.
A family is purchasing something at vending machine.
A family is watching boy who is hitting baseball.
A family is watching little boy who is hitting baseball.
A family is watching little boy who is missing baseball.
A family, which looks happy, is posing by fireplace.
A famous singer is dancing on ceiling.
A father is in swimming pool during his daughters launch.
A father is launching daughter in swimming pool.
A father is pulling his daughter on go-kart and another girl is looking away.
A father is pushing his daughter on go-kart and another girl is watching.
A father is taking away his daughter from swimming pool.
A fearful little boy is on climbing wall.
A fearful little boy is on ground.
A female cheerleader is jumping on knee of male cheerleader.
A female cheerleader is sitting on knee of male cheerleader.
A female cheerleader is sitting on knee of man.
A female wearing pink gloves and brown jacket is not smiling in snow.
A female wearing pink gloves and brown jacket is smiling in snow.
A few animals are out of water.
A few animals are playing in water.
A few children are jumping on trampoline.
A few ferrets are climbing out of cage.
A few horses are racing furiously over green grass and jumping obstacle.
A few kittens are eating.
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket.
A few men are dancing.
A few men are playing cricket.
A few men are running competitions outside.
A few men are watching cricket.
A few men in competition are running indoors.
A few men in competition are running outdoors.
A few men in competition are running outside.
A few people are dancing.
A few people are floating on raft.
A few people are singing.
A few people are sitting on bench under some palm trees.
A few swimmers are racing in lake.
A few women are dancing.
A few women are holding each other and dancing together.
A fish is being cut by man.
A fish is being sliced by man.
A fish is hunting for turtle in sea.
A fish is not swimming.
A fish is swimming.
A flute is being played by girl.
A flute is being played by man.
A flute is being played in lovely way by girl.
A flute is being put away by girl.
A flute isn't being played by man.
A football game is being watched by crowd.
A football is being held by man with no shirt.
A football player in purple jersey is breathlessly running with ball for touchdown.
A football player in purple jersey is running with ball for touchdown.
A football player in red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates.
A football player in red and white uniform is being pulled down by two teammates.
A football player is carrying an official past rolling football.
A football player is falling into grass to dodge little kid.
A football player is running into an official carrying football.
A football player is running past an official carrying football.
A football player is taking off black armbands.
A football player is wearing black armbands.
A frog is being handled by woman.
A frog is being held carelessly by man.
A fully dressed person is behind pile of rocks and clear sky is in background.
A funny crowd of people is doing skit of two boxing men.
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman.
A furry brown dog is running through grassy area.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night.
A girl from Asia, in front of brick window, doesn't look surprised.
A girl from Asia, in front of brick window, looks surprised.
A girl from Asia, in front of window made of bricks, looks surprised.
A girl has black and orange patches on cheeks.
A girl has colored patches on cheeks.
A girl has t-shirt and is keeping her mouth open.
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in park and others are looking on.
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is walking in park and others are looking on.
A girl in band is playing an instrument.
A girl in band is playing flute.
A girl in black hat is standing topless at beach.
A girl in black hat is wearing bikini at beach.
A girl in blue is sliding down green slide.
A girl in blue is sliding down slide.
A girl in blue shirt, who looks young, is walking on sidewalk and holding up pink sign.
A girl in blue sweater is holding multicolor toy and is sitting on shoulders of an old man with grey hair.
A girl in blue sweater is holding multicolor toy and is sitting on shoulders of man with grey hair.
A girl in blue sweater is holding multicolor toy and is sitting on shoulders of woman with grey hair.
A girl in brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes.
A girl in gold and purple is holding rainbow afghan.
A girl in pink is twirling ribbon.
A girl in strange outfit is riding bike.
A girl in uniform is not playing flute with marching band.
A girl in uniform is playing flute with band.
A girl in uniform is playing flute with marching band.
A girl in uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm.
A girl in uniform, which is blue, is quickly raising her arm.
A girl in uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm..
A girl in white dress is running.
A girl in white dress is standing.
A girl in white is dancing.
A girl is applying makeup to her face.
A girl is awakening.
A girl is brushing her hair.
A girl is carrying lot of colorful scarves on beach.
A girl is combing hair of little pony's tail.
A girl is combing her hair.
A girl is communicating with sign language.
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces.
A girl is doing manicure.
A girl is drawing man.
A girl is eating cupcake.
A girl is exercising.
A girl is falling asleep.
A girl is filing her nails.
A girl is getting tattoo on her hand.
A girl is getting tattoo removed from her hand.
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes.
A girl is hitting little tee with baseball.
A girl is jumping off rock and another is standing on it.
A girl is jumping on rock and another is sitting on it.
A girl is jumping rope on sidewalk near parking garage.
A girl is looking on surprised from front window in house in Asia..
A girl is making flute which is not to be played.
A girl is melting two pieces of butter together.
A girl is messing up her hair.
A girl is naked and is standing on grass.
A girl is not playing guitar.
A girl is on jumping car.
A girl is playing flute.
A girl is playing guitar.
A girl is playing on toy phone.
A girl is playing piano.
A girl is playing wind instrument.
A girl is practicing piano.
A girl is pushing go-kart and daughter is watching her father.
A girl is raising blue uniform with her arm.
A girl is riding horse.
A girl is running through water at beach.
A girl is running with pink shirt and is not wearing jeans.
A girl is sitting in seat.
A girl is skateboarding on half pipe.
A girl is skipping rope in park.
A girl is skipping rope on near street.
A girl is skipping rope on sidewalk.
A girl is speeding down steep slide.
A girl is standing alone and wears black shirt and pink beads.
A girl is standing in group and is wearing black shirt and pink beads.
A girl is standing next to opening of fountain.
A girl is styling her hair.
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing eyes.
A girl is tapping her fingernails.
A girl is using sign language.
A girl is waking up.
A girl is wearing all black and is sliding down blow up yellow slide.
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and striped tie.
A girl is wearing jeans and pink shirt and is cheerfully running.
A girl is wearing jeans and pink shirt and is running.
A girl is wearing pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in grass.
A girl is wearing sunglasses.
A girl is wearing t-shirt and has her mouth open..
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing.
A girl wearing striped shirt is running barefoot on sandy hill.
A girl with bikini is playing in dunes.
A girl with bikini is playing in sand.
A girl with black bag is on crowded train.
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork.
A girl with painted face is standing next to some other children.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking.
A girl, who is little, is playing grand piano on stage.
A girl, who is little, is playing piano.
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on swing.
A gloved person is kicking at hand of monkey.
A golden dog is running through field of tall grass.
A golden dog is sitting in field of tall grass.
A golden retriever is not running.
A golden retriever is running.
A great dog is climbing steep hill.
A great dog is getting down steep hill.
A great dog is wildly climbing steep hill.
A great singer is dancing on ceiling.
A grey dog is bouncing soccer ball on its head in grass field.
A grey dog is bouncing soccer ball on its head on lawn.
A grey dog is bouncing tennis ball on its head in grass field.
A grey dog is jumping toward black and white dog in snow.
A grey dog is jumping toward black and white dog in soft snow.
A grey dog is jumping toward black and white dog in water.
A grey silky dog is lying in grass and brown dog is looking on.
A grey silky dog is running in grass and brown dog looks on.
A grey silky dog is sleeping in grass and brown dog is looking on.
A group is not riding current in raft.
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves.
A group of Asian girls are standing together.
A group of boys are playing with ball in front of large door made of wood.
A group of boys are quiet in front of large door made of wood.
A group of boys in yard is playing and man is standing in background.
A group of boys is not playing soccer on beach.
A group of boys is playing soccer on beach.
A group of boys is playing soccer on seashore.
A group of children in building's basement is playing maracas and tambourines.
A group of children in church basement is playing guitars and tambourines.
A group of children in church basement is playing maracas and tambourines.
A group of children in uniforms is standing at gate and one is kissing mother.
A group of children in uniforms is standing at gate and there is no one kissing mother.
A group of children is not playing tambourines.
A group of children is playing in house and there is no man standing in background.
A group of children is playing tambourines.
A group of children wearing same clothes is waiting at gate and one is kissing mother.
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses.
A group of dogs are racing furiously and have muzzles on noses.
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles.
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down track.
A group of explorers are walking through grass.
A group of five old adults are lounging indoors.
A group of five young adults are lounging in room.
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors.
A group of football players is running in field.
A group of football players is standing still in field.
A group of four brown dogs are playing in field of brown grass.
A group of friends are riding current in raft.
A group of kids is playing in yard and an old man is standing in background.
A group of kids is playing on colorful structure.
A group of kids is playing on structure which is colorful.
A group of kids is staring at colorful structure.
A group of men is fighting.
A group of men is playing soccer on beach.
A group of men is playing with ball on beach.
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near children and one is kissing gate.
A group of people are dancing at concert.
A group of people are dancing in show.
A group of people are dancing.
A group of people are looking at sound equipment.
A group of people are marching.
A group of people are not dancing at concert.
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment.
A group of people are not standing around sound mixing table.
A group of people are standing around sound mixing console.
A group of people are standing around sound mixing table.
A group of people are standing.
A group of people are walking.
A group of people from Asia is eating at restaurant.
A group of people in large Asian restaurant is eating.
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection.
A group of people is equipped with protective gear.
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear.
A group of people is gathering at stand at fair.
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at camera.
A group of people is holding food and pointing at camera.
A group of people is near ocean.
A group of people is near sea.
A group of people is not walking down street and person in green hat is on phone.
A group of people is on beach.
A group of people is on mountain.
A group of people is silent.
A group of people is singing.
A group of people is sitting on both sides of red stone structure.
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of red stone monument.
A group of people is standing on both sides of red stone structure.
A group of people is standing together and looking at camera.
A group of people is walking down street and person in green hat is on phone.
A group of people is walking down street and person in hat is on phone.
A group of people playing football is running in field.
A group of racing dogs are nosing muzzle.
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down track.
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on road.
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on street.
A group of rollerbladers is scattering on street.
A group of scouts are camping in grass.
A group of scouts are hiking through grass.
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring front of class.
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at front of class.
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to right.
A group of women is playing with ball on beach.
A guinea pig is devouring carrot.
A guinea pig is eating carrot.
A guinea pig, which is small, is gnawing and eating piece of carrot on floor.
A guitar is being passionately played by man.
A guitar is being played by baby.
A guitar is being played by boy.
A guitar is being played by girl.
A guitar is being played by kid.
A guitar is being played by man next to drummer.
A guitar is being played by man.
A guitar is being played by woman.
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair.
A guy is cheerfully playing with footbag.
A guy is leaping into air in wood.
A guy is leaping into air in wooded area.
A guy is mowing lawn.
A guy is not riding horse.
A guy is riding horse.
A hamster is singing.
A handstand is being performed by man on beach.
A happy baby is laughing.
A happy family is posing by fireplace.
A harp is being played by man.
A harp is being played with hat by man.
A healthy looking dog is lying on ground.
A herd of deer is crossing street.
A herd of deer is stopping at street.
A hiker is on top of mountain and is dancing.
A hiker is on top of mountain and is doing joyful dance.
A hockey player in yellow jersey is guarding goal.
A hole is being burrowed by badger.
A homeless man is holding up sign and is begging for money.
A homeless man is holding up sign and is pitifully begging for money.
A homeless man is putting down sign and refusing some charity.
A horse and its rider are leaping over barrier.
A horse and its rider are leaping quickly over barrier.
A horse and its rider are not leaping over barrier.
A horse is being ridden by girl.
A horse is being ridden by guy.
A horse is being ridden by man.
A horse is being ridden by person.
A horse is being ridden by woman.
A horse is being ridden in creek by man.
A horse is falling on someone.
A horse is leaping hurdle and has rider on its back.
A horse is not racing.
A horse is racing.
A horse is riding over man.
A horse is running.
A horse is standing.
A horse is tossing cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color.
A horse with no rider is falling over hurdle.
A hose is being held by boy next to man and another boy is watching.
A hurdle is being leapt by horse that has rider on its back.
A jet is flying.
A jet is not flying.
A kangaroo is picking up woman's baby.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing.
A keyboard is being played by man.
A keyboard is being played by person.
A kid in orange is playing outside with snowball.
A kid in white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water.
A kid is cutting grass with scissors.
A kid is playing an instrument.
A kid is playing guitar.
A kid is playing guitar.
A kid is playing piano.
A kid is playing with toy dog.
A kid is practicing with an instrument.
A kid is putting guitar away.
A kid is singing and playing guitar.
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear.
A kid is smiling at camera and swimming underwater.
A kid is speeding down steep slide.
A kid is splashing in ocean.
A kid is splashing in pool.
A kid is splashing in water.
A kid is throwing away an instrument.
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear.
A kid swimming in ocean is tossing coin into pool, near man.
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into paddling pool.
A kid wearing striped shirt is running barefoot on sandy hill.
A kitten is drinking fresh milk.
A kitten is getting bored.
A kitten is playing with blue rope toy.
A kitten is playing with toy made of blue rope.
A lady in fur hat and fur coat is standing outside building.
A lady is being kissed by man.
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely.
A lady is cutting up some meat.
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying white cross.
A lady is mixing meat mixture in bowl.
A lady is mixing mixture of meat in bowl.
A lady is putting on makeup.
A lady is standing near three children.
A lady is standing on street and is surrounded by kids.
A lady is standing on street and is surrounded by school children.
A lady is surfing and riding wave.
A lady is wearing black dress and is carrying white cross.
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing red necklace, sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling.
A lady who looks young is lying on beach.
A large black dog is jumping in air over snowy area.
A large brown cat is jumping over red hurdle.
A large brown dog and small grey dog are standing on rocky surface.
A large brown dog is jumping over red hurdle.
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for camera.
A large crowd in warm clothing is walking away from camera.
A large dog and small dog are standing next to kitchen counter and are investigating.
A large dog and small dog are standing next to kitchen counter and are sniffing.
A large dog and small dog is standing on kitchen counter and investigate.
A large dog is running on grass with tennis ball in its mouth.
A large duck is flying over rocky stream.
A large duck is perching over rocky stream.
A large flute is being played by man.
A large green ball is hitting potato.
A large green ball is missing potato.
A large green colored ball is hitting potato.
A large group of Asian people is eating at restaurant.
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in parade.
A large jump is being performed by man.
A large man is sitting in military accessories shop.
A large man is sitting in military accessories store.
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies.
A large tennis ball is being used to teach dog to run in grass and catch it with its mouth.
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving toy.
A large wet yellow dog is holding toy.
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving toy.
A large white animal is jumping up in snow.
A large white crane is flying far above water.
A large white crane is flying near water.
A large white dog is jumping in air over an area covered by snow.
A large white dog is jumping in air over snowy area.
A large white dog is jumping up in snow.
A large, gray ball is hitting running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth.
A laughing boy is in yellow tank and is wearing top.
A laughing child is holding water gun and getting sprayed with water.
A laughing man is dyeing shirt black on table which you cannot sit at .
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to snowboarders.
A lemon is being squeezed by woman.
A lemur is being stroked by woman.
A lemur is biting person's finger.
A lemur is eating quickly.
A lemur is eating.
A lemur is hanging on cord.
A lemur is hanging on rope.
A lemur is licking person's finger.
A lick of milk sauce is being given to cat.
A light brown dog is running in grass.
A light brown dog is running in water.
A light brown dog is running up street.
A light brown dog is sprinting in water.
A lion is pacing tiredly in pen.
A lion is slowly moving around.
A lion is slowly walking.
A lion is tiring whole pen by pacing.
A little black dog is chasing little brown dog.
A little black dog is wearing red collar and is in leaves with blue ball.
A little boy and woman wearing yellow shirt are getting splashed by city fountain.
A little boy in clothes dyed in red is jumping into air.
A little boy in pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking swing.
A little boy in pink shirt is running under tree in desert.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into air.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto ground.
A little boy in striped shirt is sliding out of green tube.
A little boy is crawling in green tunnel with smile on his face.
A little boy is getting out of puddle in street.
A little boy is jumping into puddle in street.
A little boy is jumping into puddle on street.
A little boy is playing guitar.
A little boy is proudly wearing green soccer strip and is running on grass.
A little boy is running on ground and playing with little girl.
A little boy is sitting in green tunnel with smile on his face.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for camera and another boy is looking on.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for camera and another boy is not looking.
A little boy is topless and is serious.
A little boy is watching family that is hitting baseball.
A little boy is wearing green soccer strip and is running on grass.
A little boy is wearing yellow tank top and is laughing.
A little boy with bib is not watching camera.
A little boy with bib is watching camera.
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of brown chair onto floor.
A little boy, who looks fearful, is on climbing wall..
A little boy's jumper is in puddle in street.
A little brown and white dog is running on road.
A little brown and white dog is running on sidewalk.
A little cat is drinking fresh milk.
A little child in pink sweater is climbing concrete staircase.
A little dog is running on beach.
A little dog is running on sand.
A little dog is slowing down and owner is quitting chasing it.
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it.
A little dog is sprinting and person who owns it is trying to catch it.
A little girl and woman wearing yellow shirt are getting splashed by city fountain.
A little girl and woman wearing yellow shirt are getting splashed near fountain.
A little girl in costume looks like woman.
A little girl in green coat and boy holding red sled are lying in snow.
A little girl in green coat and boy holding red sled are walking in snow.
A little girl in pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking swing.
A little girl in pink shirt is running under tree in desert.
A little girl is frowning and taking off fake nose and glasses.
A little girl is hitting ball off tee.
A little girl is hitting baseball off tee.
A little girl is looking at woman in costume.
A little girl is missing baseball on tee.
A little girl is peddling scooter.
A little girl is playing grand piano on stage.
A little girl is playing guitar.
A little girl is playing piano, which is very big, on stage.
A little girl is playing piano.
A little girl is playing violin on beach.
A little girl is selling scooter.
A little girl is smiling and running inside.
A little girl is smiling and running out of house.
A little girl is smiling and running outside.
A little girl is smiling and wearing fake nose and glasses.
A little girl is walking off stage.
A little girl is wearing blue patterned swim suit, black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on head.
A little girl wearing pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking swing.
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on swing.
A little kid is wearing hat and is walking in dry sand.
A little kid is wearing hat and is walking in wet sand.
A lone bicyclist is putting down bike.
A lone biker is jumping in air.
A lone man is in parking lot and is playing tennis against large wall.
A lot of people are in an ice skating park.
A machine is sharpening knife.
A machine is sharpening pencil.
A magic trick is being performed by magician.
A magician is cutting girl into two pieces like butter.
A male is dancing.
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump.
A man and boy are standing at bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors.
A man and child are kayaking through gentle waters.
A man and two women are standing in bright room by table with candles.
A man and two women in dark room are sitting at table with candles.
A man and two women in darkened room are sitting at table with candles.
A man and woman are driving down road in an open-air vehicle.
A man and woman are driving down road in car.
A man and woman are driving down street in jeep.
A man and woman are eating happily.
A man and woman are eating.
A man and woman are having conversation.
A man and woman are hiking through wooded area.
A man and woman are idling in city street.
A man and woman are in beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and monitor is in background.
A man and woman are in room painted beige, wearing dark colored shirts and monitor is in background.
A man and woman are jumping on curb.
A man and woman are not driving down street in jeep.
A man and woman are not eating.
A man and woman are not shaking hands.
A man and woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts.
A man and woman are running together and holding hands.
A man and woman are shaking hands.
A man and woman are silent.
A man and woman are sitting comfortably on bench.
A man and woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at map.
A man and woman are sitting.
A man and woman are speaking.
A man and woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at map.
A man and woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at signboard .
A man and woman are standing on curb.
A man and woman are standing still in woods.
A man and woman are standing together and holding hands.
A man and woman are talking.
A man and woman are walking down city street.
A man and woman are walking down street of city.
A man and woman are walking nicely.
A man and woman are walking through desert area.
A man and woman are walking through wooded area.
A man and woman are walking through woods.
A man and woman are walking together through city.
A man and woman are walking together through wooded areas.
A man and woman are walking together through woods.
A man and woman are walking.
A man and young boy are jumping off of yellow kayak.
A man and young boy are riding in yellow kayak.
A man at keyboard is playing with his nose.
A man by brick wall is wearing mask around his mouth and hair net.
A man by wall made of bricks is wearing mask around his mouth and hair net.
A man doing exercises is being floored.
A man doing pose is being watched by another man.
A man dressed in black and white is dropping tennis racket and is waiting for ball.
A man dressed in black and white is holding up tennis racket and is waiting for ball.
A man dressed in black is riding bike.
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on rail.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing trick on rail.
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask.
A man from wilderness is on walking path.
A man in big city is holding sign and begging for money.
A man in black dress is pulling cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on park bench.
A man in black hat is not reaching for box.
A man in black hat is reaching for box.
A man in black hat is touching cardboard box.
A man in black jacket is doing tricks on motorbike.
A man in black jersey is standing in gym.
A man in black wetsuit is riding foamy wave.
A man in blue cowboy hat is riding black horse.
A man in blue cowboy hat is riding white horse.
A man in blue has yellow ball in mitt.
A man in blue is riding animal on dirt road.
A man in blue is riding horse on dirt road.
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of group of children beside stone built house.
A man in blue jumpsuit is courageously performing wheelie on motorcycle.
A man in blue jumpsuit is failing to perform wheelie on motorcycle.
A man in cap is playing harp.
A man in car is not pulling up beside woman who is walking along road.
A man in car is pulling up beside woman that is who along road.
A man in car is pulling up beside woman who is walking along street.
A man in elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers.
A man in full gear is wearing helmet with sponsor logos and is riding red sport motorcycle.
A man in gold and purple is holding rainbow afghan.
A man in green is hitting soccer ball and man in purple and white is falling down.
A man in green is kicking soccer ball and man in purple and white is falling down.
A man in green is kicking soccer ball and man in purple and white is rising up.
A man in hat is pacing through store.
A man in hat is playing harp.
A man in hat is standing outside of green jeep.
A man in hat is standing outside of green vehicle.
A man in hat is walking past store.
A man in hat is walking through store.
A man in jersey which is black is standing in gym.
A man in motocross uniform is wearing helmet and rides red motorcycle.
A man in pose is being amusedly watched by another man.
A man in purple colored suit is standing by purple case and is playing guitar.
A man in purple hat is climbing rocky wall with bare hands.
A man in purple hat isn't climbing rocky wall with bare hands.
A man in purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has man looking at dog doing funny face painted on it..
A man in purple suit is standing by purple case and is playing guitar.
A man in red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state.
A man in red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state.
A man in red jacket is standing next to yellow kayak on some rocks by ocean.
A man in red shirt is doing trick with rollerblades.
A man in red shirt is doing trick with skateboard.
A man in red uniform is making jump in dirt bike race.
A man in red uniform is racing and making jump over bike in dirt.
A man in red uniform is swiftly making jump in dirt bike race.
A man in shirt dyed purple is looking at man in black shirt who is doing face which looks funny.
A man in shirt dyed purple is looking at man in black shirt who is doing funny face.
A man in shirt dyed purple is walking away from man in black shirt, who is serious.
A man in small city is doing charity work.
A man in suit is being surrounded by photographers.
A man in suit is not being surrounded by photographers.
A man in suit is standing at microphone and singing.
A man in white hat is getting off stage.
A man in white hat is playing guitar on stage.
A man in white hat is touching cardboard box.
A man in white shirt and sunglasses and man in black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at table with four beer bottles.
A man in white shirt and sunglasses and man in black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at table with four bottles of beer.
A man is abruptly falling off horse on track laid in wild.
A man is adding pieces of butter to mixing bowl.
A man is applying silencer to gun.
A man is arranging garden.
A man is athletically jumping wall.
A man is attentively taking pictures of lake.
A man is being curiously looked at by woman.
A man is being hit by kid with weapon.
A man is being pushed toward buttons of microwave.
A man is being roped before climb.
A man is being roped before climbing.
A man is being roped by climber.
A man is being stopped on rope bridge.
A man is boiling noodles in water.
A man is breaking block of concrete with sledge hammer.
A man is breaking boards made of wood with his hand.
A man is breaking slab of concrete with sledge hammer.
A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand.
A man is breaking wooden hand against board.
A man is bringing up rear of race.
A man is buttering piece of bread.
A man is buttering slice of bread.
A man is carefully climbing rope.
A man is carelessly dropping frog.
A man is carelessly holding frog.
A man is carelessly smearing butter on slice of garlic flavored bread .
A man is carrying plant.
A man is carrying tree.
A man is carrying woman.
A man is carving hole in piece of wood.
A man is catching fish.
A man is chopping an onion.
A man is chopping butter into container.
A man is chopping butter into small container.
A man is chopping down tree with an axe.
A man is chopping log with an axe.
A man is chopping potato.
A man is cleaning dish.
A man is cleaning edge of bowl.
A man is cleaning sink.
A man is climbing rope.
A man is climbing up rope.
A man is closing hole in piece of wood.
A man is coming down rope.
A man is coming out of water.
A man is confidently slicing carrot with knife.
A man is cooking snake.
A man is cracking eggs.
A man is crouching and holding camera.
A man is crouching down next to dog and is smiling at little girl sitting on sidewalk.
A man is crying.
A man is cutting an onion.
A man is cutting big rope with sword.
A man is cutting boot with blade.
A man is cutting boot with sword.
A man is cutting box.
A man is cutting bun.
A man is cutting cord with sword.
A man is cutting fish.
A man is cutting himself with piece of paper.
A man is cutting lemon.
A man is cutting note.
A man is cutting onions.
A man is cutting paper plate.
A man is cutting paper.
A man is cutting pieces of butter into mixing bowl.
A man is cutting potato into pieces.
A man is cutting potato.
A man is cutting rope with sword.
A man is cutting slice of bread.
A man is cutting tape on box.
A man is cutting thick rope with sword.
A man is cutting tomato.
A man is cutting tomatoes.
A man is cutting tree with an axe.
A man is dancing in rain.
A man is dancing on ceiling of room.
A man is dancing on ceiling.
A man is dancing on floor.
A man is dancing on road.
A man is dancing on roof .
A man is dancing upside-down on ceiling.
A man is dancing with worn hard hat.
A man is dancing.
A man is dangerously dancing on ceiling of room.
A man is dangerously extracting knives from tree.
A man is dangerously riding motorcycle through town.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at tree.
A man is disassembling drum.
A man is diving into pool.
A man is diving into water.
A man is diving off cliff.
A man is diving off rock.
A man is doing back flips on trampoline.
A man is doing card trick.
A man is doing exercise.
A man is doing exercises.
A man is doing magic trick.
A man is doing physical activity.
A man is doing pull-ups.
A man is doing skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch.
A man is doing skateboard trick on park porch.
A man is doing some tricks with soccer ball.
A man is doing trick on bike.
A man is doing trick on skateboard.
A man is drawing on board.
A man is drawing on digital dry erase board.
A man is drawing picture.
A man is drawing some figures.
A man is drawing.
A man is drilling hole in piece of wood.
A man is drilling hole with piece of wood.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on sunny day.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking.
A man is driving car.
A man is driving motorbike.
A man is driving vehicle.
A man is dropping guitar.
A man is dropping tree.
A man is eating banana.
A man is eating bowl of cereal.
A man is eating carrot sliced by machine.
A man is eating fruit.
A man is eating near kittens.
A man is eating onion slices.
A man is eating pizza.
A man is eating some food.
A man is eating.
A man is emptying container made of plastic completely.
A man is emptying container made of plastic.
A man is emptying plastic container.
A man is erasing some figures.
A man is escaping rising swamp.
A man is exercising.
A man is exhibiting small monkey.
A man is failing to perform bicycle trick in midair.
A man is falling off horse on track and is laid in wild.
A man is falling off mechanical bull.
A man is falling off surfboard in water.
A man is filling container made of plastic.
A man is filling plastic container.
A man is firing gun.
A man is firing shotgun.
A man is fishing in river.
A man is fishing in stream.
A man is fitting silencer to pistol.
A man is fitting silencer to weapon.
A man is fixing silencer to gun.
A man is flooring sitting guitar player.
A man is folding tortilla.
A man is freeing fish.
A man is frying food.
A man is frying tortilla.
A man is getting garage for car.
A man is getting into an automobile.
A man is getting into car in garage.
A man is getting into car.
A man is getting off car.
A man is getting off motorcycle.
A man is getting on horse on track laid in wild.
A man is going into water.
A man is hanging on ledge of balcony.
A man is hanging up phone.
A man is harping on about play.
A man is having fun with water.
A man is having lunch.
A man is hiding small monkey.
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand.
A man is holding big animal in one hand.
A man is holding frog.
A man is holding mask in his raised hand.
A man is holding sign and is seeking money.
A man is holding small animal in one hand.
A man is holding up an electronic device.
A man is hungrily eating bowl of cereal.
A man is hurriedly getting into car in garage.
A man is idling on floor.
A man is idling.
A man is ignoring girl via an internet camera.
A man is in parking lot and is playing tennis against friend.
A man is in parking lot and is playing tennis against large wall.
A man is inside house and is throwing blades at close target.
A man is jumping into an empty pool.
A man is jumping into an empty swimming pool.
A man is jumping into full pool.
A man is jumping into pool.
A man is jumping off low wall.
A man is jumping on trampoline.
A man is jumping onto low wall.
A man is jumping onto wall which is low.
A man is jumping out of pool.
A man is jumping rope in field.
A man is jumping rope outside.
A man is jumping wall.
A man is kicking ball.
A man is kicking soccer ball.
A man is laughing.
A man is laying cover over wild horse that is falling on track.
A man is laying down guitar.
A man is lazily walking down road.
A man is lazing.
A man is leading race.
A man is leaning against pole and is surrounded by people.
A man is leaning against pole and is surrounded.
A man is leaning on ledge of balcony.
A man is leaning on racing motorcycle.
A man is lifting barbells.
A man is loading rifle with bullets.
A man is loading weapon with bullets.
A man is looking into distance and people is walking between buildings behind.
A man is lumping dough.
A man is making bed.
A man is making call on cell phone.
A man is making music with flute.
A man is making phone call.
A man is making sketch.
A man is making speech on podium.
A man is massaging woman.
A man is mindlessly slicing carrot with machine.
A man is missing soccer ball.
A man is mixing content of bowl.
A man is mixing few ingredients in bowl.
A man is mixing vegetables in pot.
A man is mixing.
A man is motionless.
A man is moving gracefully.
A man is mowing grass.
A man is mowing lawn.
A man is naked and is lying in field.
A man is naked and standing still.
A man is not cutting an onion.
A man is not cutting potato.
A man is not dancing.
A man is not drawing on digital dry erase board.
A man is not mowing lawn.
A man is not participating in bmx race.
A man is not playing drums.
A man is not playing flute.
A man is not playing guitar.
A man is not playing keyboards.
A man is not playing with water.
A man is not riding bicycle.
A man is not riding scooter.
A man is not rinsing large steak.
A man is not rock climbing and city and bay are in background.
A man is not talking on phone.
A man is not wearing clear plastic cap and face mask.
A man is not wearing purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for camera.
A man is on boat in front of sunset.
A man is on rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position.
A man is on rock high above some trees and is standing in strange position.
A man is on ship in front of sunset.
A man is opening box with knife.
A man is opening door.
A man is opening package that contains headphones.
A man is opening package that doesn't contain headphones.
A man is opening small package that contains headphones.
A man is opening soda and drinking it.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at close target.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at target which is close.
A man is outside close to target for blade throwing.
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar.
A man is packing away guitar.
A man is packing guitar.
A man is packing violin.
A man is painting woman's face.
A man is parking car in garage.
A man is parking motorbike.
A man is participating in bmx race.
A man is participating in race for bmxs.
A man is passionately playing guitar in front of an audience.
A man is passionately playing guitar.
A man is patting an alligator on mouth.
A man is peeling an onion.
A man is performing dance.
A man is performing handstand on beach.
A man is performing jump on bicycle.
A man is performing stunts on green bicycle.
A man is performing trick on bike.
A man is performing trick on green bicycle.
A man is performing trick on surfboard in water.
A man is performing tricks with soccer ball.
A man is performing with guitar.
A man is petting dog near stone path.
A man is petting two cats.
A man is petting two dogs.
A man is phoning.
A man is picking can.
A man is picking up tree.
A man is planting tree.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar.
A man is playing an electric guitar.
A man is playing an electronic keyboard.
A man is playing an instrument.
A man is playing bamboo flute.
A man is playing baseball with flute.
A man is playing drum.
A man is playing drums.
A man is playing flute made of bamboo.
A man is playing flute.
A man is playing flute.
A man is playing game with ball.
A man is playing guitar loudly.
A man is playing guitar next to drummer.
A man is playing guitar on stage.
A man is playing guitar owner.
A man is playing guitar that is acoustic.
A man is playing guitar under windows.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is playing harp.
A man is playing instrument.
A man is playing keyboard in park.
A man is playing keyboard with his nose.
A man is playing keyboard.
A man is playing keyboards.
A man is playing large flute.
A man is playing piano at concert.
A man is playing piano.
A man is playing small flute.
A man is playing soccer.
A man is playing trumpet brightly.
A man is playing trumpet.
A man is playing two keyboards.
A man is playing violin.
A man is playing with water toy in water.
A man is playing with water.
A man is playing wooden flute.
A man is pointing at car.
A man is pointing at silver sedan.
A man is posing to be watched by another man.
A man is pouring cleaner into sink.
A man is pouring liquid into pot.
A man is pouring oil into pan.
A man is pouring oil into skillet.
A man is pouring plate of cheese which is shredded into pot of sauce.
A man is pouring plate of shredded cheese into pot of sauce.
A man is pouring pot of cheese sauce into shredded plate.
A man is powerfully kicking soccer ball.
A man is practicing drum.
A man is praying fervently.
A man is praying.
A man is preparing dish.
A man is preparing some dish.
A man is puking.
A man is punching soccer ball.
A man is pushing buttons of microwave.
A man is pushing helmet towards another one on black bicycle.
A man is putting away carrot.
A man is putting away guitar.
A man is putting away stenograph machine.
A man is putting down an electronic device.
A man is putting down flute.
A man is putting down guitar.
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices.
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread.
A man is putting seasoning on pizza.
A man is putting some cheese on pizza.
A man is putting some food in box.
A man is putting some food in container.
A man is putting trumpet away.
A man is putting vegetables into pot.
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with knife.
A man is racing.
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with knife.
A man is reading an email.
A man is reading email.
A man is recklessly climbing rope.
A man is recklessly riding horse.
A man is reloading shotgun.
A man is removing butter from piece of bread which is big.
A man is removing carrot from machine.
A man is removing garlic from some slices of bread.
A man is removing peel of an onion.
A man is removing some food from box.
A man is removing vegetables from pot.
A man is repairing tiles with his hands.
A man is resting on chair and rubbing his eyes.
A man is resting.
A man is riding an animal.
A man is riding an electric bicycle.
A man is riding animal.
A man is riding bicycle.
A man is riding dirt bike down dirt hill.
A man is riding dirty horse on blue road.
A man is riding horse in desert.
A man is riding horse in sandy land.
A man is riding horse on beach.
A man is riding horse.
A man is riding mechanical bull.
A man is riding motorbike in event related to motocross.
A man is riding motorbike.
A man is riding motorcycle through town.
A man is riding motorcycle.
A man is riding on bicycle with one wheel only.
A man is riding rodeo bull.
A man is riding scooter.
A man is riding water toy in water.
A man is rinsing large piece of meat.
A man is rinsing large steak.
A man is rising from swamp.
A man is roasting snake.
A man is rock climbing and city and bay are in background.
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating route.
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating route.
A man is rowing boat.
A man is rowing canoe.
A man is running away from soccer ball.
A man is running down road.
A man is running in field.
A man is running on road.
A man is running.
A man is scared.
A man is screaming.
A man is screwing piece of wood to wall.
A man is seeking sign and is holding some money.
A man is severing toe of an empty leather boot with sword.
A man is shaking container over sink in kitchen.
A man is shaking drink.
A man is sharpening knife.
A man is sharpening weapon.
A man is shooting at target practice.
A man is shooting guns.
A man is shooting shotgun.
A man is shooting weapon.
A man is shooting with bow.
A man is shooting with gun.
A man is shooting with weapon.
A man is showing off small monkey.
A man is silent.
A man is singing and playing guitar.
A man is singing and playing musical instrument.
A man is singing and standing on sidewalk.
A man is singing and walking down road.
A man is singing and walking down sidewalk.
A man is singing into an old microphone.
A man is singing into microphone.
A man is singing passionately.
A man is singing song and playing guitar.
A man is singing to girl.
A man is singing to woman.
A man is singing.
A man is sitting and tables comfortable discussion.
A man is sitting comfortably at table.
A man is sitting in field.
A man is sitting in rain.
A man is sitting in woods.
A man is sitting near bike and is writing note.
A man is sitting near flower bed and is overlooking tunnel.
A man is sitting on beach.
A man is sitting on boat in font of sunset, near flag.
A man is sitting on chair and rubbing his eyes.
A man is sitting on floor and is playing guitar.
A man is sitting on floor in room and strumming guitar.
A man is sitting on grass and drinking from water bottle.
A man is sitting on lawn and drinking from water bottle.
A man is sitting on sidewalk.
A man is sitting on train and resting his hand against his face.
A man is sitting peacefully on boat in front of sunset near flag.
A man is sitting.
A man is skateboarding on half pipe.
A man is skiing down hill and jumping red obstacle.
A man is skiing down hill and over red obstacle.
A man is skiing down snowy hill.
A man is skiing down snowy mountain.
A man is slicing an onion.
A man is slicing bread.
A man is slicing bun.
A man is slicing butter.
A man is slicing carrot with knife.
A man is slicing carrot with machine.
A man is slicing fish.
A man is slicing onions.
A man is slicing potato into pieces.
A man is slicing potato.
A man is slicing potatoes.
A man is slicing red tomato.
A man is slicing some bread.
A man is slicing some garlic and putting away bread.
A man is slicing tomato.
A man is slicing tomatoes.
A man is slowly dancing on road.
A man is slowly folding tortilla.
A man is slowly trekking in woods.
A man is snowboarding down railing in snow.
A man is spanking boy with plastic sword.
A man is speaking about stage.
A man is speaking on podium.
A man is speaking on stage.
A man is speaking.
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still.
A man is spitting on ground.
A man is spitting.
A man is spraying super soaker into mouth of dog.
A man is spreading butter on piece of bread which is big.
A man is spreading dough.
A man is sprinkling cheese on pizza.
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread.
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on pizza.
A man is squatting in brush and taking photo.
A man is squatting in brush and taking photograph.
A man is squirting water into mouth of white dog with squirt gun.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights.
A man is standing at wheel of classic American car that has its door and trunk open.
A man is standing bare-chested beside yellow canoe on some rocks with water in background.
A man is standing behind rocks with clouds on top of them.
A man is standing beside birdcage which is large and colorful.
A man is standing beside large and colorful birdcage.
A man is standing in front of wall.
A man is standing in gym and is wearing jersey.
A man is standing in middle of gym and is wearing jersey.
A man is standing in snow at edge of mountain.
A man is standing in water at base of waterfall.
A man is standing near bike and is writing on piece paper.
A man is standing next to bus.
A man is standing on black jeep on dirt hill.
A man is standing on boat in front of sunset near flag.
A man is standing on dirt hill next to black car.
A man is standing on dirt hill next to black jeep.
A man is standing on roof top and playing violin.
A man is standing on roof.
A man is standing on sidewalk.
A man is standing on top of rocks with clouds behind them.
A man is standing on top of roof and playing violin.
A man is standing on train and resting his hand on his lap.
A man is standing shirtless in street.
A man is standing still.
A man is standing tiredly next to bus.
A man is stopping bicycle.
A man is stopping horse.
A man is stopping in middle of road.
A man is strolling in rain.
A man is strumming guitar.
A man is taking oil out off skillet.
A man is taking picture of drawing.
A man is taking pictures of lake.
A man is taking plate of shredded cheese off of pot of sauce.
A man is talking on cell phone.
A man is talking on phone.
A man is talking on radio.
A man is talking to boy.
A man is talking to woman who is seated beside him and is driving car.
A man is talking to woman.
A man is talking.
A man is tanking on stage in front of crowd.
A man is taping cut box.
A man is tearing up pictures of lake.
A man is thinking.
A man is throwing away guitar.
A man is trekking in woods.
A man is tying shoe.
A man is tying thick rope.
A man is typing on machine used for stenography.
A man is unfolding tortilla.
A man is uninterestedly holding sign and is seeking money.
A man is untying rope.
A man is untying shoe.
A man is using knife to open box.
A man is walking along path through wilderness.
A man is walking along track through wilderness.
A man is walking down road.
A man is walking in city street.
A man is walking in rain.
A man is walking in yard.
A man is walking outside.
A man is walking slowly across bridge made of rope.
A man is walking slowly across rope bridge.
A man is walking woman through woods.
A man is watering grass and excitedly playing with dog.
A man is watering tree.
A man is wearing beret and is riding bicycle on recreation trail.
A man is wearing blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding unicycle in street.
A man is wearing blue checkered shirt and riding unicycle in street.
A man is wearing blue shirt and walking barefoot on tennis court.
A man is wearing blue shirt which has long sleeves and jeans and is riding unicycle down street.
A man is wearing clear plastic cap and face mask.
A man is wearing clear plastic cap and mask.
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in busy area writing something.
A man is wearing colorful shirt and lot of jewelry.
A man is wearing hard hat and dancing.
A man is wearing hat which is hard and is dancing.
A man is wearing long black jacket and brown hat and is walking past park with lot of blooming trees.
A man is wearing long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding unicycle down street.
A man is wearing purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for camera.
A man is wearing red jacket and standing beside yellow canoe on some boulders with water in background.
A man is wearing red jacket and standing beside yellow canoe on some rocks with water in background.
A man is wearing sports uniform and is running down field.
A man is wearing straw hat and smoking cigarette.
A man is whacking boy with sword.
A man is wiping edge of bowl.
A man is working on computer.
A man is working on laptop.
A man isn't pouring oil on tomatoes..
A man isn't sitting comfortably at table.
A man isn't tossing kid into swimming pool that is near ocean.
A man on bicycle is riding on beach.
A man on bicycle is riding on one wheel only.
A man on bike is jumping on pyramid-shaped ramp.
A man on bike is riding on shore.
A man on green bike is performing tricks on dirt ramp.
A man on green car is performing tricks on dirt ramp.
A man on horse is riding on track and waving.
A man on inline skates is resting at skate park.
A man on inline skates is skating at park built for skating.
A man on inline skates is skating at skate park.
A man on motorcycle is doing trick.
A man on motorcycle is going around corner.
A man on motorcycle is not riding on one wheel.
A man on motorcycle is riding on one wheel.
A man on motorcycle is riding on track and waving happily.
A man on motorcycle is riding on track and waving.
A man on motorcycle is turning around corner.
A man on yellow dirt bike is taking jump.
A man on yellow sport bike is doing wheelie and friend on black bike is catching up.
A man on yellow sport bike is doing wheelie and friend on white bike is catching up.
A man wearing dyed black shirt is sitting at table and laughing.
A man who is playing dunks basketball into net and crowd is in background.
A man who is playing is running with ball in his hands.
A man who is wearing headphones is opening package .
A man with backwards hat is sitting on ground.
A man with camera is studying subject.
A man with climbing equipment is hanging from rock, which is vertical and white.
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from white, vertical rock..
A man with equipment used for climbing is under vertical, white rock.
A man with hard hat is dancing.
A man with helmet painted red is riding blue motorcycle down road.
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork.
A man with jersey is dunking ball at basketball game.
A man with moustaches is standing on balcony and is looking at road below.
A man with no hat is sitting on ground.
A man with no hat is standing outside of green jeep.
A man with no shirt is holding football.
A man with no shirt is jumping over log.
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in busy area writing something.
A man with shirt is holding football.
A man with shirt is posing with arms spread next to woman.
A man with tattoos is holding couch with pencil.
A man with tattoos is lounging on couch and holding pencil.
A man with tattoos is lounging on couch and is looking for pencil.
A man with white hat and brown shirt is behind woman in red and is looking to left.
A man with white hat and brown shirt is behind woman in red and is looking to right.
A man with white hat and brown shirt is behind woman in red and is looking to side.
A man with white moustache is sitting on balcony and is looking at road below.
A man with white moustache is standing on balcony and is looking at road below.
A man without shirt is posing with arms spread near woman.
A man without shirt is posing with arms spread next to woman.
A man, woman and two girls are sitting on beach.
A man, woman and two girls are walking on beach.
A man's face is being painted by woman.
A man's white car is being driven away.
A married couple is walking down aisle.
A married couple is walking up aisle.
A mask is being held by man in his raised hand.
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down road beside water.
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down road near water.
A middle aged man and woman are riding horses down road beside water.
A middle eastern man is standing against lamp post near to other people.
A middle eastern man is standing with back against lamp post near to other people.
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against lamp post near to other people.
A model is wearing purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for camera.
A monkey is brushing dog.
A monkey is kicking at gloved hand of person.
A monkey is kicking at person's glove.
A monkey is kicking person.
A monkey is practicing martial arts.
A monkey is pulling dog's tail.
A monkey is riding bicycle.
A monkey is riding bike.
A monkey is teasing dog at zoo.
A monkey is wading through marsh.
A monkey is wading through river.
A monkey isn't walking through water.
A mother is giving baby pen with walking rhino on it.
A motocross rider is giving motorbike to person at an event.
A motorbike rider is jumping over person on sandy track.
A motorbike rider is running over man .
A motorcycle is being ridden by man.
A motorcycle is riding standing up on seat of vehicle.
A motorcycle racer is riding red and black bike.
A motorcycle rider is standing up on seat of white motorcycle.
A motorcyclist is riding motorbike along roadway.
A motorcyclist is riding motorbike dangerously along roadway.
A motorcyclist is sitting by police man.
A motorcyclist on bike is leaning into sharp corner.
A motorcyclist with red helmet is riding blue motorcycle down road.
A motorcyclist without helmet is waiting on blue motorcycle near road.
A mountain is being climbed by two men.
A musician is playing keyboard.
A musician is playing two keyboards.
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night.
A nearby throng of people are kissing two by two.
A newspaper is featuring woman with large sized hands holding sunglasses and wearing coat.
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of lady .
A nude lady is walking in front of crowd in body paint.
A nude lady is walking in front of many people in body paint.
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues.
A pan is being dropped over meat.
A panda bear is eating some bamboo.
A panda is climbing.
A panda that is cute is lying down.
A paper plate is being cut by man.
A parrot is speaking.
A pedestrian woman is building pink bicycles for boa wearing riders.
A pencil is being sharpened.
A pencil is being shaved by machine.
A person by some cameras is blowing on burning torch.
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing guitar.
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains .
A person in black hat is reaching for box.
A person in black jacket is doing tricks on motorbike.
A person in blue colored jacket is jumping off of tall cement wall.
A person in blue jacket is jumping off of tall cement wall.
A person in blue jacket is jumping onto tall cement wall.
A person in blue jacket is wearing colorful helmet.
A person in gear used for biking is standing steadily in front of mountains.
A person in motocross uniform is not wearing helmet and riding red motorcycle.
A person in motocross uniform is wearing helmet and rides red motorcycle.
A person in pink is running onto field.
A person in pink jacket is not running onto field.
A person in pink jacket is running onto field.
A person in red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state.
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with knife.
A person is being kicked by monkey.
A person is boiling noodles.
A person is bowling ingredients to man at mixer.
A person is brushing cat.
A person is burning some cameras with blow torch.
A person is buttering tray.
A person is cementing jacket in blue tall wall and jumping.
A person is chopping an onion.
A person is chopping down tree with an axe.
A person is chopping red onion.
A person is cleaning pot of cooking oil.
A person is climbing rock with rope, which is pink.
A person is combing fur of cat.
A person is coming out of water.
A person is cooking some food.
A person is crouching and holding camera.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces.
A person is cutting an onion.
A person is cutting capsicum into pieces.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with knife.
A person is cutting mushrooms with knife.
A person is cutting some ginger.
A person is cutting some mushrooms.
A person is dancing in rain.
A person is dancing on ceiling.
A person is dancing on roof.
A person is dancing.
A person is dicing an onion.
A person is doing acrobatics on snowboard.
A person is doing exercises.
A person is doing trick on skateboard.
A person is doing trick on snowboard.
A person is doing trick with some cards.
A person is drawing some figures.
A person is drinking orange juice and walking.
A person is driving white car.
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into pot on stove.
A person is eating at table.
A person is eating cut onion.
A person is eating in restaurant.
A person is exercising.
A person is folding piece of paper.
A person is folding sheet.
A person is folding tortilla.
A person is frying food in pan.
A person is frying meat in pan.
A person is frying some food.
A person is holding frog.
A person is holding skunk.
A person is holding up an electronic device.
A person is ignoring motocross bike that is lying on its side and there is no one is racing by.
A person is jotting something with pencil.
A person is kicking ball for soccer game between somebody's feet.
A person is kicking monkey.
A person is kicking soccer ball between their feet.
A person is listening to trumpet playing.
A person is looking at bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by.
A person is looking at motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by.
A person is looking into distance and people is walking between buildings behind.
A person is lying on top of rocks with clouds behind them.
A person is making bed.
A person is not chopping an onion.
A person is not cutting garlic into pieces with knife.
A person is not doing trick on slide.
A person is not eating at table.
A person is not folding piece of paper.
A person is not frying meat in pan.
A person is not frying.
A person is not holding skunk.
A person is not making bed.
A person is not peeling banana.
A person is not performing tricks on motorcycle.
A person is not playing keyboard.
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with knife.
A person is not slicing some onions.
A person is not stirring vegetables in pot.
A person is not tearing paper.
A person is packing zucchini.
A person is passionately playing guitar in front of an audience.
A person is peeling an onion.
A person is peeling banana.
A person is peeling potato.
A person is performing acrobatics on motorcycle.
A person is performing card trick.
A person is performing trick on surfboard in water.
A person is performing tricks on motorcycle.
A person is piecing together an onion.
A person is planting tree.
A person is playing guitar and singing.
A person is playing keyboard.
A person is playing piano.
A person is playing trumpet.
A person is pouring cooking oil into pot.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into pot.
A person is pouring oil made with olives into pot on stove.
A person is pouring olive oil into pot on stove.
A person is pouring olive oil into stove from pot.
A person is putting away mushrooms.
A person is putting meat into skillet carelessly.
A person is putting meat into skillet.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with knife.
A person is quickly cutting mushrooms with knife.
A person is reading email.
A person is recklessly riding horse.
A person is removing butter from tray.
A person is removing chopped vegetables from pot on stove.
A person is removing eggs from bowl.
A person is repairing some cameras with blow torch.
A person is riding an electric bicycle.
A person is riding an old motorcycle.
A person is riding bicycle in sand beside ocean.
A person is riding bicycle on one wheel.
A person is riding bike along muddy trail.
A person is riding bike along trail.
A person is riding bike.
A person is riding dirt bike down dirt hill.
A person is riding dirt bike up dirt hill.
A person is riding horse.
A person is riding jetski in waves.
A person is riding mechanical bull.
A person is riding motorbike in event related to motocross.
A person is riding motorbike.
A person is riding motorcycle.
A person is rinsing steak with water.
A person is rock climbing and city and bay are in background.
A person is ruffling fur of cat.
A person is scrubbing zucchini.
A person is severing toe of an empty leather boot with sword.
A person is shirtless and is putting down beer.
A person is singing and playing guitar.
A person is sitting and wearing grass hat.
A person is sitting comfortably at table.
A person is sitting in field and is wearing hat.
A person is sitting on mountain top.
A person is sitting.
A person is slicing an onion.
A person is slicing carrot into pieces.
A person is slicing cucumber.
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with knife.
A person is slicing piece of bread.
A person is slicing potato.
A person is slicing some ginger.
A person is slicing some mushrooms.
A person is slicing some onions.
A person is snowboarding down railing in snow.
A person is spitting.
A person is spreading butter on tray.
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread.
A person is standing at wheel of classic American car that has its door and trunk open.
A person is standing in front of rock with rope, which is pink.
A person is standing in snow at edge of mountain.
A person is standing in vast field of glacial ice.
A person is standing near motorcycle.
A person is standing on mountain top.
A person is stirring vegetables in bowl.
A person is stirring vegetables in pot.
A person is stopping bicycle in sand beside ocean.
A person is stopping playing trumpet .
A person is strongly whisking eggs in bowl.
A person is stupidly throwing cat at ceiling.
A person is taking away meat in skillet.
A person is taking cat down from ceiling.
A person is tearing paper.
A person is tearing sheets.
A person is throwing cat at ceiling.
A person is unfolding tortilla.
A person is walking in snow at edge of mountain.
A person is wearing blue shirt and walking barefoot on tennis court.
A person is wearing grey pants on snowboard.
A person is wearing hat and is sitting on grass.
A person is wearing red jacket and carefully holding beer.
A person is wearing red jacket and holding beer.
A person is wearing straw hat and smoking cigarette.
A person is wiping butter on tray.
A person is wrapping up an onion.
A person is writing.
A person near an onion has cut.
A person on bike is in air near body of water.
A person on bike is jumping through air and sun is flaring beautifully through bike frame.
A person on bike is jumping through air and sun is flaring through bike frame.
A person on bike is not in air near body of water.
A person on bike is riding on one wheel only.
A person on black motorbike is doing tricks with jacket.
A person on yellow bike is airborne.
A person on yellow clean bike is taking jump.
A person on yellow dirt bike is taking jump.
A person playing football is running past an official carrying football.
A person playing football is wearing black armbands.
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on snowboard.
A person wearing jeans is sitting happily on top of horse saddle.
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of horse saddle.
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from air.
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into air.
A person who plays soccer is kicking ball into goal.
A person who rides bikes, in black and red uniform, is standing on dirt bike.
A person with back pack, who is topless, is in front of pile of rocks and clouds are in background.
A person with backwards hat is sitting on ground.
A person with green shirt is jumping high over grass.
A person with green shirt is jumping onto grass.
A person with pink climbing gear roped rock.
A person with red hooded jacket and black backpack is moving near rocky wall.
A person with red hooded jacket and black backpack is not walking near rocky wall.
A person with red hooded jacket and black backpack is walking near rocky wall.
A person without shirt is jumping high over green grass.
A person, who is riding bike, is wearing gear which is black.
A pet dog is standing on bank and is looking at another brown dog in pond.
A pet dog is standing on bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in pond.
A photographer is being surrounded by men.
A pianist is playing keyboard.
A piano is being played by man.
A piano is being played by person.
A piano is being played by someone.
A piano isn't being played by man.
A picture is being drawn by man.
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by man.
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by man.
A piece of wood is being screwed to wall by man.
A ping pong player is meeting with two people.
A pink shirt with white writing on it is being worn by girl who is lying in grass.
A pitcher is being filled with water by boy.
A pizza is being eaten by man.
A plane is flying.
A plane is landing.
A plane is taking off.
A player dressed in black and white is holding up tennis racket and is waiting for ball.
A player in purple, white and black is playing near end of field.
A player is running with ball.
A player is throwing ball.
A player of soccer is scoring goal.
A playing device is amusing cat.
A podium is where man is speaking.
A policeman is getting off of motorcycle.
A policeman is sitting on motorcycle.
A policeman is sitting tiredly on motorcycle.
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice.
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with spoon.
A potato is being cut by man.
A potato is being peeled by person.
A potato is being peeled by woman.
A potato is being sliced by man.
A potato is being sliced by person.
A potato is being sliced by woman.
A potato peel is falling over woman.
A practicing jumper is tossing person's snowboard into air.
A prawn is being cut by woman.
A prey is quickly running behind cheetah.
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back.
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables.
A rabbit is playing with stuffed bunny.
A rabbit is playing with toy rabbit.
A rabbit is playing with toy.
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless.
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at sky.
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at sky.
A racer in full gear is wearing helmet with sponsor logos and is riding red sport motorcycle.
A racer in full gear wears helmet with sponsor logos and is riding blue sport motorcycle.
A racer is leaning on racing motorcycle.
A racquet is being held by tennis player in mid game.
A rainbow afghan is being held by girl in gold and purple.
A red and brown dog is digging its nose inside holiday gift bag.
A red dog is excitedly jumping up and catching tennis ball in its mouth.
A red dog is jumping and catching tennis ball in its mouth.
A red dog is sitting and dropping tennis ball from its mouth.
A red hurdle is being jumped by large brown dog.
A red sled is being held by little girl in green coat and boy walking in snow.
A red sweatshirt with smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and necklace .
A rhino is grazing in field.
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino.
A rhino, which is youngling, is walking around pen with its mother.
A ribbon is being twirled by girl in pink.
A rider is on black and white bike and is standing on seat.
A rider is surfing wave.
A rider is waving at surfer.
A river is being crossed by dog on bridge made from fallen tree.
A rock is being climbed by black dog.
A rock is being climbed by person with rope, which is pink.
A rocker is sitting with t-shirt that has man over grey waterfall on front.
A rocky wall is climbed by man in purple hat with bare hands.
A rollerblader is performing trick on ramp.
A rope is being climbed by man.
A runner is circling squirrel.
A sad family is posing by fireplace.
A sad man is crying.
A schoolgirl with black bag is on crowded train.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish.
A sea turtle is hunting for food.
A sea turtle is not hunting for fish.
A seabird is flying over some rocks.
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks.
A Seadoo is being ridden by woman.
A seated woman is singing song and playing guitar.
A sheepdog is dispersing herd of sheep.
A sheepdog is grouping herd of sheep.
A shirtless man is escorting horse that is pulling carriage along dirty road.
A shirtless man is escorting horse that is pulling carriage along paved road.
A shirtless man is escorting horse that is pulling carriage along road.
A shirtless man is jumping over log.
A shirtless man is leading carriage that is being pulled by horse.
A shirtless man is leading horse that is pulling carriage.
A shirtless man is playing football in gym.
A shirtless man is playing football on field.
A shirtless man is playing football on lawn.
A shirtless man is posing with girl who is hiking in park.
A shirtless person is posing with girl who is hiking in park.
A shirtless woman is jumping over log.
A shirtless woman is leading horse that is pulling carriage.
A shirtless woman is posing with girl who is hiking in park.
A shoe is being tied by man.
A shoeless woman is sitting on blanket under lavender umbrella.
A shoeless woman is standing over blanket near lavender umbrella.
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint.
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on half pipe.
A skateboarder is doing tricks on half pipe.
A skateboarder is falling off half pipe.
A skateboarder is jumping in air.
A skateboarder is jumping off ramp.
A skateboarder is making jump off ramp.
A skier dressed in black is catching tiny bit of air.
A skier in black is catching tiny bit of air.
A skier in white is catching tiny bit of air.
A skilled man is playing guitar on stage.
A skilled person is riding bicycle on one wheel.
A skunk is being held by person.
A small animal is lying on bed.
A small animal is singing.
A small bee is landing on bunch of yellow flowers.
A small black and white dog is biting stick and is swimming.
A small black and white dog is carrying stick and is swimming.
A small black dog is wearing red collar and is in leaves with blue ball.
A small boy in green shirt is striping sliding tube.
A small boy in shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on beach.
A small boy in striped shirt is sliding out of green tube.
A small boy in yellow shirt is laughing on beach.
A small boy is playing with dog.
A small boy is scolding dog.
A small boy is sitting in forest.
A small boy is standing in forest.
A small brown and white dog is running on sidewalk.
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on jacket on street.
A small cat is lying on bed.
A small cat is opening plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside.
A small child in pink sweater is climbing concrete staircase.
A small child is lying outdoors in grassy area.
A small child is outdoors climbing steps in grassy area.
A small child is showing boredom on swing set at park.
A small child is showing excitement on set of swings at park.
A small child is showing excitement on swing set at park.
A small dog is chasing large brown cow.
A small dog is lying on bed.
A small dog is lying under bed.
A small girl is getting out of toy car.
A small girl is riding in toy car.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on couch.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on sofa.
A small group of people is waiting to eat in restaurant.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating piece of carrot on floor.
A small kid is playing with green toy dog on grass.
A small man is sitting in military accessories store.
A small monkey is walking in river.
A small monkey is walking through water.
A small shirtless boy is sliding into green tube.
A small toy girl is in riding car.
A small tree is being eaten by baby elephant.
A small white dog is jumping up in snow.
A small white dog is running across lawn.
A small white dog is running in lawn.
A smiling boy in summer clothes is standing still outside building.
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside building in snow.
A snake is being fed mouse by man.
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on dog.
A snow ball is being made by child.
A snow slide is full of kids.
A snowboarder is doing flip over mound of snow.
A snowboarder is grinding down long concrete rail.
A snowboarder is grinding down long rail.
A snowboarder is jumping off snow.
A snowboarder is jumping through air.
A snowboarding man is jumping through air.
A snowboarding woman is jumping through air.
A soccer ball is not rolling into goal net.
A soccer ball is rolling into goal net.
A soccer man is playing piano.
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent.
A soccer player is kicking ball into goal.
A soccer player is kicking ball out of goal.
A soccer player is missing goal.
A soccer player is scoring goal.
A soccer player is sitting on field and is drinking beer.
A soccer player is sitting on field and is drinking water.
A social climber is tying man to cliff with rope.
A soda is being opened and drunk by woman.
A song is being sung by clown.
A sports uniform is being worn by man who is running down field.
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles.
A squirrel is lying down.
A squirrel is running around in circles.
A squirrel is running in circles.
A squirrel is spinning around in circles.
A steak is being rinsed with water by person.
A stone woman and bicycle are on top of two purple columns, between which people are walking.
A strong person is leaving whisk in bowl near eggs.
A stuntman on bike is in air near body of water.
A surfer in black wetsuit is riding foamy wave.
A surfer in white wetsuit is riding foamy wave.
A surfer is falling off wave.
A surfer is leaning on surfboard.
A surfer is leaning surfboard against wall.
A surfer is riding big wave across dark green water.
A surfer is riding big wave.
A surfer is riding wave.
A surfer is surfing big wave.
A surfer is surfing huge wave.
A surfer is surfing small wave.
A talented man is playing guitar.
A talk about an adult and boy is given in amphitheater.
A tan dog is jumping up and catching tennis ball.
A tan dog is playing in water on bank of pond.
A tan dog is resting in snow.
A tan dog is resting near brush.
A tan dog is running through brush.
A tan dog is running through snow.
A tan dog is splashing in water on bank of pond.
A tan dog is splashing in water on bank of river.
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in dirt and looking right at camera.
A tan skinned child is looking at camera.
A tan skinned kid is looking at camera.
A tattoo is being drawn by woman in white sweater on hand of teenager.
A tattooed man is on sofa and is holding pencil.
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red.
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red.
A teenager is playing guitar.
A tennis player in mid game is holding racquet.
A tennis player in mid game is not holding racquet.
A tennis player is jumping to left.
A tennis player is lunging to left.
A tennis player with green headband is hitting ball.
A tennis player with green headband is missing ball.
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts.
A tiger cub is making sound.
A tiger cub is playing with ball.
A tiger cub is roaring.
A tiger is aimlessly walking around.
A tiger is not walking around.
A tiger is pacing around cage.
A tiger is sitting.
A tiger is strolling around.
A tiger is walking around aimlessly.
A tiger is walking around cage.
A tiger is walking around with no aim.
A tiger is walking around.
A tiger is walking outside cage.
A toddler is making splash inside blue paddling pool.
A toddler is making splash outside blue paddling pool.
A toddler is not riding plastic scooter toy.
A toddler is playing with plastic scooter toy.
A toddler is riding plastic scooter toy.
A toddler is sitting down.
A toddler is sitting in seat.
A toddler is standing up.
A tomato is being sliced by woman.
A top violin player is standing on roof over man.
A topless boy has clean face.
A topless girl is covered in paint.
A topless person with back pack is in front of pile of rocks and clouds are in background.
A topless woman is being covered in mud.
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and blurry crowd is in background.
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and nobody is in background.
A tortilla is being folded by person.
A tower is being looked at by blonde lady.
A toy train is hitting toy car.
A toy train is missing toy car.
A toy train is striking toy car.
A toy train is violently striking toy car.
A tray is being buttered by person.
A tree is being cut by man with an axe.
A tree is being picked up by man.
A tree is falling over bridge made over river which dog is crossing.
A trick is being performed by rollerblader on ramp.
A truck is quickly going down hill.
A truck is quickly going up hill.
A trumpet is being played by person.
A veteran is showing different things from war to some people.
A violin is being played by man.
A walker is in hat store for men.
A waterfall is flowing calmly into shallow pool.
A waterfall is flowing into shallow pool.
A waterfall is flowing out of shallow pool.
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass.
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass.
A wet boy is standing still on dirty and wet grass.
A wet kid is wearing sand and is walking on little hat.
A white and brown dog is pacing through water with difficulty.
A white and brown dog is walking through water with difficulty.
A white and tan dog is running through field.
A white and tan dog is running through tall and green grass.
A white bike and yellow bike are racing down track.
A white bird is landing swiftly in water.
A white bird is swiftly taking off from water.
A white bird with yellow beak is standing in green grass.
A white car and yellow car are racing down track.
A white car is being driven by man.
A white cat perched on small wooden cabinet is looking outside window.
A white dog is approaching golden dog on pebbly beach.
A white dog is jumping from dock into water.
A white dog is leaping from cylindrical hay bale.
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves.
A white dog is running across rocky landscape.
A white dog is running through snowy trail.
A white dog is standing in lake.
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves.
A white dog is standing on grassy hillside.
A white dog is standing on hill covered by grass.
A white dog is standing on leaves on ground.
A white dog is wearing Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with brown dog in grass.
A white dog is wearing Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with dog with brown coat in grass.
A white dog on leash is walking in water.
A white dog with beige spots is running through field.
A white dog with beige spots is speeding through field.
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man.
A white hat is being worn by boy which is running on beach.
A white horse is being ridden by man in blue cowboy hat.
A white horse is standing.
A white man is staging hat and playing guitar.
A white man is walking dog through brown water with difficulty.
A white man is walking next to building in big city.
A white puppy is biting pole.
A white race car is driving through puddle.
A white racing vehicle is driving through puddle.
A white rally car is throwing mud into air and is approaching bend in track.
A white woman is standing on woman dressed in blue on stage.
A wild deer is jumping fence.
A wind instrument is being played by girl.
A woman and dog are peacefully sitting on tree stump.
A woman and dog are sitting on tree stump.
A woman and dog are standing near tree stump.
A woman and three men are denying photo.
A woman and three men are posing for photo.
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for photo.
A woman by brick wall is wearing mask around her mouth and hair net.
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing trick on rail.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside crowd of people and is looking down.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside crowd of people and is looking up.
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in park and others are looking on.
A woman in bikini is pulling cat on leash at beach.
A woman in bikini is pulling dog on leash at beach.
A woman in bikini is pulling dog on leash at seashore.
A woman in black dress is pulling cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on park bench.
A woman in black dress is pulling cart and is standing near two men who are seated on park bench.
A woman in black jersey is standing in gym.
A woman in black shirt is sitting next to fluorescent green bag.
A woman in black shirt is standing next to fluorescent green bag.
A woman in blue has yellow ball in hand.
A woman in blue has yellow ball in mitt.
A woman in blue is riding horse on dirt road.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of group of children beside house made of stone.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of group of children beside stone built house.
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near stack of blocks on table.
A woman in fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside building.
A woman in fur hat and fur coat is standing outside building.
A woman in jeans is sitting on saddle of horse.
A woman in jeans is standing near horse with saddle.
A woman in pink shirt is surfing through yellow surfboards.
A woman in purple top is walking bicycle between two stone columns.
A woman in red dress is playing an instrument.
A woman in red dress is putting away an instrument.
A woman in shirt dyed in black is sitting next to fluorescent green bag.
A woman in top which is purple is walking bicycle between two stone columns.
A woman in white clothing and woman in blue dress are standing on stage.
A woman in white dress and woman in blue dress are standing beside stage.
A woman in white dress and woman in blue dress are standing on stage.
A woman in yellow dyed shirt is surfing on pink surfboard.
A woman in yellow shirt is surfing on pink surfboard.
A woman is absently peeling potato.
A woman is adding ingredients to big bowl.
A woman is adding ingredients to bowl.
A woman is adding spices to some meat.
A woman is amalgamating eggs.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid.
A woman is arranging her hair.
A woman is beating man that is keeping two eggs in bowl, using wire whisk .
A woman is beating two eggs in bowl and using whisk made of wire.
A woman is being caged for dance.
A woman is being carried by man.
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman.
A woman is being kissed by man.
A woman is being massaged by man.
A woman is being measured by another woman.
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and blurry crowd is in background.
A woman is boiling eggs.
A woman is boiling noodles in water.
A woman is boiling shrimps.
A woman is bowling two eggs to break dancer .
A woman is breaking eggs.
A woman is breaking two eggs in bowl.
A woman is brushing her feet.
A woman is brushing her hand.
A woman is buttering piece of bread.
A woman is carefully applying cosmetics to her eyelid.
A woman is carefully deboning fish.
A woman is carefully pouring mixture into bowl and mixing it.
A woman is carefully removing her makeup.
A woman is chopping an onion.
A woman is chopping broccoli.
A woman is chopping garlic.
A woman is chopping onions.
A woman is chopping red onion.
A woman is chopping up an octopus.
A woman is chopping up garlic.
A woman is cleaning man's face.
A woman is cleaning shrimp.
A woman is clumsily putting meat in pan.
A woman is coating pork chop.
A woman is collecting tap water in mug.
A woman is collecting water from tap in mug.
A woman is combing her hair.
A woman is cooking an egg in skillet.
A woman is cooking breaded pork chop.
A woman is cooking eggs.
A woman is cooking fish.
A woman is cooking food in pot of hot water.
A woman is cooking pork chop which is breaded.
A woman is cooking prawns.
A woman is cooking something in pan.
A woman is cracking an egg into bowl.
A woman is cracking eggs into bowl.
A woman is cracking eggs.
A woman is cracking some eggs into bowl.
A woman is cracking some eggs into container.
A woman is cracking some eggs outside bowl.
A woman is crouching and holding camera.
A woman is crouching down next to dog and is smiling at little girl sitting on sidewalk.
A woman is crouching down next to dog and is smiling at young girl sitting on sidewalk.
A woman is cutting an octopus.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
A woman is cutting butter.
A woman is cutting carrot.
A woman is cutting fish.
A woman is cutting fruit.
A woman is cutting garlic.
A woman is cutting lemon.
A woman is cutting meat.
A woman is cutting onions.
A woman is cutting potato.
A woman is cutting potatoes.
A woman is cutting shrimps.
A woman is cutting some flowers.
A woman is cutting some meat into pieces.
A woman is cutting some plants.
A woman is cutting tofu.
A woman is cutting tomato.
A woman is cutting vegetable.
A woman is cutting white onion.
A woman is dancing alone.
A woman is dancing and man is playing keyboard.
A woman is dancing and singing alone.
A woman is dancing and singing in rain.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women.
A woman is dancing beautifully in cage.
A woman is dancing gracefully.
A woman is dancing in cage.
A woman is dancing near fire.
A woman is dancing near fireplace.
A woman is dancing on stage.
A woman is dancing.
A woman is deboning fish.
A woman is deep frying food.
A woman is dipping prawn in batter.
A woman is dipping shrimp in batter.
A woman is diving into pool.
A woman is doing skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch.
A woman is driving car and is animatedly talking to man who is seated beside her.
A woman is driving car and is talking to man who is seated beside her.
A woman is dropping baby kangaroo from her arms.
A woman is drying eggs.
A woman is drying noodles.
A woman is eating cake.
A woman is eating cupcake.
A woman is eating piece of meat.
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with brush.
A woman is emptying water from mug.
A woman is exercising.
A woman is falling off horse.
A woman is firing at target practice.
A woman is firing rifle.
A woman is firing weapon.
A woman is freeing fish.
A woman is frying fish.
A woman is frying food.
A woman is frying meat.
A woman is frying some food.
A woman is frying something in pan.
A woman is frying something.
A woman is getting rid of flute.
A woman is gracefully dancing on stage.
A woman is grating carrots.
A woman is ignoring man.
A woman is jumping rope outside.
A woman is jumping with bicycle.
A woman is leaning against pole and is surrounded by people.
A woman is leaning on ledge of balcony.
A woman is leaning on racing motorcycle.
A woman is looking at view of city.
A woman is looking curiously at man.
A woman is looking down and is wearing wedding dress.
A woman is looking down and is wearing wedding veil.
A woman is looking into distance and people are walking between buildings behind.
A woman is marching with pair of dogs.
A woman is mixing content of bowl.
A woman is mixing eggs.
A woman is not boiling shrimps.
A woman is not chopping an onion.
A woman is not chopping garlic.
A woman is not cutting broccoli.
A woman is not cutting meat.
A woman is not cutting shrimps.
A woman is not cutting tofu.
A woman is not eating cupcake.
A woman is not frying fish.
A woman is not frying meat.
A woman is not frying some food.
A woman is not peeling potato.
A woman is not riding horse.
A woman is not slicing an octopus.
A woman is not slicing an onion.
A woman is not slicing carrots.
A woman is not slicing cucumber.
A woman is not slicing garlic.
A woman is not talking on telephone.
A woman is opening soda and drinking it.
A woman is painting man's face.
A woman is parking blue bicycle and is wearing lots of riding helmets.
A woman is parking Seadoo.
A woman is passionately playing guitar in front of an audience.
A woman is peeling food.
A woman is peeling potato.
A woman is penciling on eyeshadow.
A woman is peppering green slices.
A woman is performing in rain.
A woman is performing trick on ramp with bicycle.
A woman is performing trick on ramp with car.
A woman is petting dog near stone path.
A woman is petting dog near stone trail.
A woman is picking can.
A woman is picking up and holding baby kangaroo in her arms.
A woman is picking up and holding kangaroo, which is baby, in her arms.
A woman is placing bowl with crack near an egg.
A woman is placing food in pot of cold water.
A woman is placing food in pot of hot water.
A woman is placing skewers onto rack.
A woman is placing two eggs into pot of water.
A woman is planting some flowers.
A woman is playing an electric guitar.
A woman is playing drums.
A woman is playing flute.
A woman is playing flute.
A woman is playing guitar which is electric.
A woman is playing guitar.
A woman is playing keyboard and man is dancing.
A woman is playing trumpet.
A woman is playing violin.
A woman is playing with brown cat on garden path.
A woman is playing with brown dog in garden.
A woman is playing with brown dog on garden path.
A woman is playing with two young boys at park.
A woman is posing for three men for photo.
A woman is pouring eggs into frying pan.
A woman is pouring eggs into pan.
A woman is pouring ingredients into bowl.
A woman is pouring mixture into bowl and mixing it.
A woman is preparing an egg in skillet.
A woman is preparing skillet for eggs.
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of bowl.
A woman is putting away carrot.
A woman is putting away carrots.
A woman is putting away garlic.
A woman is putting away potato.
A woman is putting baby in waste bin.
A woman is putting baby into trash can.
A woman is putting child in waste bin.
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid.
A woman is putting down flute.
A woman is putting down lemon.
A woman is putting make-up on.
A woman is putting meat in pan.
A woman is putting on cloak, which is very large, and concealing an extravagant dress.
A woman is putting on eyeshadow.
A woman is putting on lipstick.
A woman is putting on makeup carefully.
A woman is putting on makeup.
A woman is putting on some makeup carefully,.
A woman is putting some sticky goo in bowl.
A woman is putting two eggs into pot of water.
A woman is receiving volleyballs.
A woman is refrigerating potato.
A woman is removing cosmetics from her eyelid.
A woman is removing eggs from frying pan.
A woman is removing ingredients from bowl.
A woman is removing peel of potato.
A woman is resting her fingers on table.
A woman is restraining dog.
A woman is riding an animal.
A woman is riding brown horse.
A woman is riding horse.
A woman is riding on an elephant.
A woman is riding scooter for water.
A woman is riding scooter towards water.
A woman is riding Seadoo.
A woman is riding water scooter.
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating route.
A woman is rocking over blanket lying on someone reading book.
A woman is rowing boat.
A woman is running on beach with dog on leash.
A woman is scrubbing zucchini with brush for vegetables.
A woman is scrubbing zucchini with vegetable brush.
A woman is seasoning ham.
A woman is seasoning piece of meat.
A woman is serving volleyballs over net.
A woman is severing toe of an empty leather boot with sword.
A woman is sewing with machine.
A woman is shooting at target practice.
A woman is showing dog with very long hair at dog show.
A woman is showing dog with very short hair at dog show.
A woman is showing puppy to an infant.
A woman is showing small cat to an infant.
A woman is showing small dog to an infant.
A woman is silent and is leaving purse and yellow bag on near ledge.
A woman is singing into microphone.
A woman is sitting and looking at waterfall.
A woman is sitting near flower bed and is overlooking tunnel.
A woman is sitting on grass and is drinking from water bottle.
A woman is sitting wearing swim gear.
A woman is skiing down hill and over red obstacle.
A woman is skillfully playing flute.
A woman is sleeping.
A woman is slicing an eggplant.
A woman is slicing an octopus.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A woman is slicing big pepper.
A woman is slicing butter.
A woman is slicing carrot.
A woman is slicing carrots.
A woman is slicing clove of garlic.
A woman is slicing cucumber.
A woman is slicing fish.
A woman is slicing garlic.
A woman is slicing green pepper.
A woman is slicing herbs.
A woman is slicing meat with knife.
A woman is slicing meat with sharp knife.
A woman is slicing pepper which is big.
A woman is slicing pepper which is green.
A woman is slicing potato.
A woman is slicing potatoes.
A woman is slicing some meat.
A woman is slicing tofu.
A woman is slicing tomato.
A woman is slicing vegetable.
A woman is slicing vegetables.
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her.
A woman is snowboarding down railing in snow.
A woman is speaking from ledge and is keeping her cell phone inside purse that is inside yellow bag.
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping purse and yellow bag on near ledge.
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping purse and yellow bag on near ledge.
A woman is squeezing juice out of lemon.
A woman is squeezing lemon.
A woman is staging dance.
A woman is standing and isn't looking at waterfall.
A woman is standing at beach with an animal on leash.
A woman is standing at beach with dog on leash.
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights.
A woman is standing at wheel of classic American car that has its door and trunk open.
A woman is standing in water at base of waterfall.
A woman is standing near three children.
A woman is standing still and man is sitting and idling.
A woman is standing with pair of dogs.
A woman is storing broccoli.
A woman is stroking lemur.
A woman is surfing.
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion.
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her.
A woman is tailing pony near rock climbing wall.
A woman is taking can.
A woman is taking eggs out of bowl.
A woman is taking mixture out of bowl.
A woman is taking off cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress.
A woman is taking off cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel.
A woman is taking off eyeshadow.
A woman is taking two eggs out of pot of water.
A woman is talking on telephone.
A woman is talking on telephonic device.
A woman is talking to man.
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously.
A woman is tapping her fingers on desk.
A woman is tapping her fingers on table.
A woman is tapping her fingers.
A woman is thinking of man.
A woman is throwing potato peel.
A woman is throwing volleyballs over net.
A woman is turning her back from view of city.
A woman is unstitching with machine.
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid.
A woman is using machine made for sewing.
A woman is using pencil for eyes and is applying eye liner to her eyelid.
A woman is using sewing machine.
A woman is vigorously breaking two eggs in bowl..
A woman is wakeboarding on lake.
A woman is walking dog down street.
A woman is walking in city street.
A woman is walking in road.
A woman is walking off stage.
A woman is walking with pair of dogs.
A woman is washing big pepper.
A woman is washing her feet.
A woman is watching lake.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress.
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress.
A woman is wearing beret and is riding bicycle on recreation trail.
A woman is wearing blue helmet and is riding bicycle in parking lot.
A woman is wearing blue shirt and walking barefoot on tennis court.
A woman is wearing blue shirt with white vest and white cap and is talking and marching.
A woman is wearing colorful shirt and lot of jewelry.
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing gun at an indoor shooting range.
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing gun at an outdoor shooting range.
A woman is wearing long black coat and brown hat and is walking past park with lot of blooming trees.
A woman is wearing long black jacket and brown hat and is walking past park with lot of blooming trees.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding bike on busy street.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding bike on empty street.
A woman is wearing shirt, which is blue, with white vest and white cap and is talking and marching.
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands.
A woman on boulder is lying on blanket and reading book.
A woman on motorcycle is going around corner.
A woman on rock is lying on blanket and reading book.
A woman on rock is standing and looking around.
A woman wearing blue and white uniform with white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in same fashion.
A woman wearing blue shirt and high heels is standing on sidewalk next to dog.
A woman wearing blue shirt and high heels is standing on sidewalk next to man.
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently.
A woman who is taking off pink boa is stopping her bicycle on bridge built for pedestrians.
A woman who is wearing pink boa is riding bicycle down bridge built for pedestrians.
A woman who is wearing pink scarf is riding bike down bridge built for pedestrians.
A woman with blond hair is sitting on roof of yellow vehicle and two people are inside.
A woman with pigtails is climbing rock wall.
A woman with ponytail is climbing down wall of rock.
A woman with ponytail is climbing wall of rock.
A woman, who is old, is far from white dog.
A woman, who is old, is near dog that has white coat.
A woman, who is old, is near white dog.
A woman, who is seated, is singing song and playing guitar.
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on blanket under lavender umbrella.
A woman, who is young and Asian, with gloves colored in pink, is standing in snow.
A wooden flute is being played by man.
A yellow cat is chasing ball.
A yellow dog is chasing ball.
A yellow dog is drinking water from faucet.
A yellow dog is not drinking water from faucet.
A yellow dog is running down path covered by sand.
A yellow dog is running down sandy path.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on sunny day.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on very sunny day.
A yellow dog is running up sandy path.
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on sunny day.
A yellow flower is being clung to by bee.
A yellow kayak is being ridden by man and young boy.
A yellow palm is in front of building and one dark skinned male is standing next to it.
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in snow.
A young black child is standing on edge of body of water near some buckets.
A young black child is waiting on edge of body of water near some buckets.
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near fence made of wood.
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near wooden fence.
A young boy in blue shirt is jumping into water.
A young boy in helmet is riding bike on lawn.
A young boy in helmet is riding bike on road.
A young boy is diving into still lake.
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass.
A young boy is jumping in air with his knees bent and arms spread.
A young boy is jumping into still lake.
A young boy is jumping into water.
A young boy is jumping off chair.
A young boy is jumping onto chair.
A young boy is jumping out of water.
A young boy is playing guitar.
A young boy is playing in park with his mother.
A young boy is playing wind instrument.
A young boy is quickly jumping off chair.
A young boy is riding dirt bike through mud.
A young boy is singing and playing guitar.
A young boy is sitting in bathing suit and waiting for next race.
A young boy is using sign language.
A young boy is wearing blue patterned swim suit, black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head.
A young boy isn't climbing wall made of rock.
A young boy wearing red swimsuit is jumping into blue kiddies pool.
A young boy wearing red swimsuit is jumping out of blue kiddies pool.
A young boy with bib is watching camera.
A young boy with heart tank top is raising his hands as he is sliding.
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children.
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside.
A young child is barefoot and is walking past puddle full of mud.
A young child is climbing rock climbing wall which is indoors.
A young child is lying down on gravel road that is covered with dead leaves.
A young child is riding bike on rough dirt path.
A young child is riding three wheeled scooter down sidewalk.
A young child is running down gravel road that is covered with dead leaves.
A young child is running down road made of gravel that is covered with dead leaves.
A young child is running outside over fallen leaves.
A young child is splashing in water.
A young child is standing in front of some trees.
A young child is under rock climbing wall which is indoors.
A young child is walking with bike on rough dirt path.
A young child is watering plant with splashes.
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in puddle full of mud.
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in puddle full of mud.
A young child is wearing white coat and playing game.
A young child with black hair is deleting picture from camera.
A young child with black hair is taking picture with camera.
A young child with hair of black color is taking picture with camera.
A young climber is making rock wall for boys.
A young couple is lying in bed.
A young couple is lying on bed together.
A young couple is lying on couch together.
A young couple is not lying in bed.
A young couple is sleeping in bed.
A young female is dancing.
A young gamer is playing with child wearing white coat.
A young girl by pink sign is holding up blue shirt and is walking on sidewalk.
A young girl in bikini is jumping on beach.
A young girl in bikini is sitting on beach.
A young girl in blue is jumping in air.
A young girl in blue leotard is jumping in air.
A young girl in blue leotard is jumping on ground.
A young girl in blue shirt is walking on sidewalk and holding up pink sign.
A young girl in coat made for winter is jumping off boulder into sand at beach.
A young girl in leotard colored in blue is jumping in air.
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on beach.
A young girl in winter coat is jumping off boulder into sand at beach.
A young girl is dancing.
A young girl is jumping into still lake.
A young girl is jumping rope on sidewalk near parking garage.
A young girl is looking at woman in costume.
A young girl is playing on edge of fountain and an older woman is not watching her.
A young girl is playing on edge of fountain and an older woman is watching her.
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear.
A young girl is sitting in swimsuit.
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg.
A young girl is standing in group and is wearing black shirt and pink beads.
A young girl is standing on both legs.
A young girl is standing on one leg.
A young girl is standing still.
A young girl is using sign language.
A young girl is wearing blue patterned swim suit, black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head.
A young girl with heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on slide.
A young girl with heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding.
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children.
A young kid is climbing rock climbing wall which is indoors.
A young kid is jumping into water.
A young lady in bikini is lying on beach.
A young lady in bikini is standing on beach.
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing red necklace, sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling.
A young man and woman are riding bikes on boardwalk near ocean.
A young man in white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs.
A young man is getting motocross bike up dirt hill.
A young man is pushing motocross bike down dirt hill.
A young man is pushing motocross bike up dirt hill.
A young man is running away from fishing line.
A young man is sitting in swimming gear.
A young man is sitting on bench.
A young man is talking to leaf.
A young man on bmx bicycle is jumping off masonry pyramid.
A young man on bmx bicycle is jumping off pyramid.
A young man on bmx bicycle is jumping on masonry pyramid.
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda.
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda.
A young mother is playing with her boy in park.
A young occidental girl is standing above crowd and is playing with pinwheel.
A young oriental girl is standing above crowd and is playing with pinwheel.
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with pinwheel.
A young person in white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs.
A young swimmer is sitting in bathing suit and waiting for next race.
A young swimmer is standing in bathing suit and waiting for next race.
A young white child is not standing on edge of body of water near some buckets.
A young woman is carrying lot of colorful scarves on beach.
A young woman is getting tattoo on her hand.
A young woman is playing guitar.
A young woman is shaking hands with man.
A young woman with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork.
A young, topless woman is covered in paint.
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near desert area.
Adults and children standing and playing in front of stair near wooded area.
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near wooded area.
Along two streets, different breeds of dogs are being looked at.
An adult is in amphitheater and is talking seriously to boy.
An adult is in amphitheater and is talking to boy.
An aircraft is taking off.
An airplane is being stationed on ground.
An airplane is flying through air.
An airplane is swiftly flying through air.
An airplane is taking off.
An alligator is being patted on mouth by man.
An American footballer is wearing red and white strip.
An angry man is targeting kicking chimp.
An animal is barking at ball.
An animal is being ridden by woman.
An animal is biting person's finger.
An animal is biting somebody's hand.
An animal is biting someone's finger.
An animal is crawling under piece of furniture.
An animal is emerging from lake.
An animal is grazing in field.
An animal is jumping at shiny blue soccer ball in field of dry leaves.
An animal is looking around.
An animal is playing with small bottle.
An animal is resting.
An animal is riding skateboard.
An animal is rolling from side to side in garden.
An animal is running around in circles.
An animal is running in circles.
An animal is running tiredly in circles.
An animal is swimming in body of water.
An animated airplane is landing.
An animated airplane is taking off.
An Arabic man is wearing white hat.
An Arabic man isn't wearing white hat.
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking.
An Asian woman in crowd is carrying black bag.
An Asian woman in crowd is not carrying black bag.
An Asian woman in in midst of many people is carrying black bag.
An Asian woman is holding fur scarf.
An egg is being cracked into bowl by woman.
An eggplant is being sliced by woman.
An Egyptian is wearing woman's headdress.
An elder man is sitting on bench and is wearing gray jacket and black pants.
An elderly man is sitting on bench.
An elderly woman is sitting on bench and is wearing gray jacket and black pants.
An electronic keyboard is being played by man.
An electronic man is held as device.
An elegant woman is inside crowd of people and is looking down.
An elephant is being ridden by woman.
An email is being read by man.
An ice skater is outdoors performing on rink full of people.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people.
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in pool.
An instrument is being played by woman in red dress.
An interview is being granted by man.
An octopus is being sliced by woman.
An officer is listening to recruits.
An officer is talking to recruits.
An officer is talking to soldiers.
An old man in white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs.
An old man is sitting in field.
An old man is talking to leaf.
An old man with beard that is grey is riding bike.
An old man with grey beard is not riding bike.
An old man with grey beard is riding bike.
An old person is sitting on bench.
An old woman is carrying lot of colorful scarves on beach.
An old woman is shaking hands with man.
An old woman is shirtless and is clumsily dropping two newspapers.
An old woman is wearing rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.
An old woman is wearing shirt with rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.
An old, topless woman is covered in paint.
An older man and woman are riding bikes on boardwalk near ocean.
An older man and woman are riding bikes on boardwalk near water.
An onion is being chopped.
An onion is being cut by man.
An onion is being cut by woman.
An onion is being sliced by man.
An onion is being sliced by person.
An onion is being sliced by woman.
An onion is being sliced with knife by woman.
An onion is being sliced.
An onion is not being sliced.
An opponent is tackling soccer player.
An orange pepper is being diced up by person.
An oriental man and two women are facing camera.
An oriental man and two women are in front of camera.
An oriental man and two women are turning their backs to camera.
An woman that is old is shaking hands with man.
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from ground.
ATVs are being driven by three people.
Bikers are riding on trail.
Blue and black pants are being worn by motocross rider.
Boys are dancing in front of some people.
Boys are dangling from straps and kicking at each other.
Boys are not dancing in front of some people.
Bread is being sliced by man.
Broccoli are being cut by woman.
Broccoli is being chopped by woman.
Butter is being chopped into container by man.
Carrots are being grated by woman.
Carrots are being sliced by woman.
Cereal is being eaten by man.
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing game.
Children are playing in fountain that is spraying water from ground.
Children are playing in ground fountains.
Children are playing outside with soccer ball on green grass.
Children are surrounding girl in brown dress who is closing her eyes.
Children covered by leaves are playing with red shirts.
Children in red shirts are playing in leaves.
Children in red shirts are sleeping in leaves.
Children in swimming suits are not playing in water.
Children in swimming suits are playing in pool.
Children in swimming suits are playing in water.
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into pot on stove by person.
Different football players are teaming on field.
Different teams are playing football on field.
Different teams are resting on field.
Different things from war are being shown to some people by veteran.
Dirt bikers are not riding on trail.
Dirt bikers are riding on trail.
Dogs are racing on track.
Dogs are running on track.
Dough is being spread by man.
Drinking milk helps cat's hunger.
Drinks are being held by people pointing at camera.
Eggs are being boiled by woman.
Eggs are being cracked into bowl by woman.
Eggs are being strongly whisked in bowl by person.
Eyeshadow is being put on by woman.
Ferrets are climbing down from shelf.
Ferrets are climbing up shelf.
Few men like pouring tomato oil.
Few people are eating at red tables in restaurant without lights.
Fish is being cooked by woman.
Fish is being fried by woman.
Five adults are sitting on chair.
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps.
Five children are standing in front of hut made of wood.
Five children are standing in front of wooden hut.
Five children are standing in wooden hut.
Five kids are standing close together and none of kids has gun.
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has gun.
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has weapon.
Five people are running with three dogs in green field beside road.
Five people are standing in grass with no dogs.
Five people are standing in grass with some dogs.
Five people are standing in grass with three dogs.
Five people are standing with three dogs in green field beside road.
Five people are standing with three dogs in park beside road.
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut.
Food is being deep fried by woman.
Football is being played by two competing teams.
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other.
Four athletes are with man in crowded stadium.
Four athletes are with person in crowded stadium.
Four athletes are with woman in crowded stadium.
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of ball.
Four children are doing backbends in gym.
Four children are doing backbends in park.
Four dogs are not playing in grassy area.
Four dogs are playing in area covered by grass.
Four dogs are playing in grassy area.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in garden.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing indoors.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors.
Four kids are doing backbends in park.
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on grotto with pink interior.
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and sun is setting.
Four people are floating on raft.
Four people are performing music outdoors.
Four people are silently standing outdoors.
Four people are sitting on bridge over body of water.
Four people are sitting on low cement ledge.
Four people are standing in thick snow and sun is rising.
Four people are standing on low cement ledge.
Four people are walking across thick snow and sun is setting.
Four people are walking along city sidewalk and one in green hat is not talking on cell phone.
Four people are walking along city sidewalk and one in green hat is phoning someone.
Four people are walking along city sidewalk and one in green hat is talking on cell phone.
Four people are walking on beach.
Four people are walking on bridge over body of water.
Four people are walking on bridge over river.
Four young men are exploding and car is standing still behind them.
Four young men are running away and car is staying put behind them.
Four young men are standing still and car is exploding behind them.
Garlic is being chopped by woman.
Garlic is being diced by woman.
Grass is being mowed by man.
Guitar is being played by man.
Guitar is being played by two men.
Hay is being eaten by cow.
Ingredients are being poured into bowl by woman.
It is raining on walking man.
It is snowing on two playing dogs.
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing game.
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing game.
Kids in red shirts are playing in leaves.
Little boys are playing in water fountain in front of lots of people.
Little kids are playing in water fountain in front of few people.
Little kids are playing in water fountain in front of lots of people.
Makeup is being put on man by woman.
Many cheerleaders are walking in parade.
Many people are skating in an ice park.
Masked people are looking in same direction in forest.
Men are cutting wood.
Men are running race.
Men are sawing logs.
Men are sawing.
Men in costumes are walking around in street.
Milk is kitten's drink.
Mimes are performing on small stage.
Mimes are performing on stage.
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people.
Mud is being thrown to playing boy.
Mud is covering topless woman.
Music is being performed by four people outdoors.
No dog is emerging from lake.
No dog is in sand that is blowing in wind.
No dog is jumping in shade of some trees.
No dog is running through snow.
No girl with bikini is playing in dunes.
No group of people is gathering at stand at fair.
No lady is standing on street and is surrounded by school children.
No little dog is running on sand.
No motorcycle racer is riding red and black bike.
No motorcycle rider is standing up on seat of motorcycle.
No onion is being cut by man.
No people are riding camels at beach.
No people is sitting around fire at night.
No person is hiking.
No race car is on road in front of grassy parking area.
No skateboarder is jumping in air.
No skateboarder is making jump off ramp.
No snake is being fed mouse by man.
No surfer is riding big wave across dark green water.
No young child is riding three wheeled scooter down sidewalk.
Nobody in snowsuits is lying in snow and making snow angels.
Nobody is beating an egg.
Nobody is brushing cat.
Nobody is cooking okra in pan.
Nobody is cutting capsicum into pieces.
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other.
Nobody is drilling hole in strip of wood with power drill.
Nobody is feeding an animal.
Nobody is fighting in cow pasture.
Nobody is fist fighting in ring.
Nobody is floating on raft.
Nobody is folding piece of paper.
Nobody is holding hedgehog.
Nobody is in front of colorful building.
Nobody is in snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage.
Nobody is jumping off platform.
Nobody is on motorcycle and is standing on seat.
Nobody is performing card trick.
Nobody is playing guitar and singing.
Nobody is playing guitar.
Nobody is playing on trampoline.
Nobody is playing ping pong.
Nobody is playing with toad.
Nobody is pouring ingredients into pot.
Nobody is practicing water safety and wearing preservers.
Nobody is riding bicycle on one wheel.
Nobody is riding bike.
Nobody is rinsing steak with water.
Nobody is sitting comfortably on bench.
Nobody is sitting in chairs and watching ocean.
Nobody is slicing piece of bread.
Nobody is slicing tomato.
Nobody is standing in ocean and watching sunset.
Nobody is stirring noodles in water.
Nobody is stirring pot of chili with spoon.
Nobody is treading through snow of beautiful snowy landscape.
Noodles are being boiled in water by woman.
Not everyone is able to walk lion.
Not lot of people are in an ice skating park.
Oil is being poured into pan by woman.
Oil is being poured into skillet by man.
Oil is being poured into skillet by woman.
Okra is being cooked in pan.
One bearded man is standing by shopping cart and is holding cardboard sign.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on rock cliff over water and other boy in black shorts is diving into water.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on rock cliff over water and other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into water.
One boy is happily playing piano.
One brown and black dog is running through leaves.
One cat is playing with watermelon.
One chimp is angrily kicking target.
One climber is holding rock and another man is roping wall.
One fish is swimming .
One girl in orange shorts is standing on rock cliff over water and other girl in black shorts is jumping off into water.
One girl is jumping off rock and another is standing on it.
One girl is jumping on car.
One herd of deer is crossing street.
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of brown chair onto floor.
One man in big city is holding up sign and begging for money.
One man is chatting with girl with an internet camera.
One man is chopping log with an axe.
One man is climbing cliff with rope.
One man is climbing rock wall and another man is holding rope.
One man is climbing wall made of rock and another man is holding rope.
One man is dancing.
One man is descending cliff with rope.
One man is doing bicycle trick in midair.
One man is doing floor exercises.
One man is doing trick with bicycle in midair.
One man is doing wheelie on mountain bike.
One man is eating some food.
One man is feeding mouse to snake.
One man is intensely playing guitar.
One man is jumping off rock wall and another man is dropping rope.
One man is leading race.
One man is passionately playing guitar.
One man is playing guitar.
One man is powering microwave.
One man is riding horse.
One man is running down road.
One man is sitting on chair.
One man is sitting steadily on chair.
One man is standing on top of rocks with clouds behind them.
One man is talking to girl with an internet camera.
One man is tossing kid into swimming pool that is near ocean.
One man is turning off microwave.
One man is turning on microwave.
One man is wearing black helmet and pushing bicycle.
One panda is climbing.
One panda is eating bamboo cane.
One person is cutting an onion.
One person is playing guitar and singing.
One person is riding bicycle in sand beside ocean.
One person is slicing clove of garlic into pieces.
One person is standing in vast field of glacial ice.
One person pours oil on few tomatoes.
One person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into air.
One small child is drinking water from cup.
One small child is filling cup with water.
One small child is greedily drinking water from cup.
One truck is quickly going down hill.
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on grass.
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on grass.
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on grass.
One white dog is standing on leaves on ground.
One white dog is staring at black street.
One woman is beating two eggs in bowl and using whisk made of wire.
One woman is denying volleyballs to another woman.
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman.
One woman is peeling potato.
One woman is playing flute.
One woman is practicing with flute.
One woman is sitting and looks at waterfall.
One woman is slowly peeling potato.
One woman is wakeboarding on lake.
One young boy is climbing wall made of rock.
One young child is running outside over some fallen leaves.
One young lady is jumping on car.
Onions are being sliced by person.
Orange juice is being drunk by man who is walking on sunny day.
Paper and scissors both cut.
Paper is being cut with scissors.
Pasta is being put into dish by woman.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through traffic jam in big city.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through traffic jam in small city.
People are clustered around bonfire at morning.
People are clustered around bonfire at night.
People are crossing rope bridge over rocky stream.
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other.
People are far from beach full of sand by ocean and are suffering from sunny day.
People are grouping at stand at fair.
People are looking at some costumes gathered in vicinity of forest.
People are not playing cricket.
People are not riding and paddling raft.
People are not walking across rope bridge over rocky stream.
People are not walking through crowded street.
People are on beach full of sand by ocean and are enjoying day full of sun.
People are on beach full of sand by ocean and are enjoying sunny day.
People are paddling near raft that is being ridden.
People are playing cricket.
People are riding and paddling raft.
People are riding two camels at beach.
People are riding two camels on sand.
People are singing and clown is dancing.
People are sitting against wall.
People are sitting around bonfire at night.
People are sitting at round tables in red room.
People are sitting at square tables in red room.
People are sitting at tables in red room.
People are sitting near wall.
People are walking across rope bridge over rocky stream.
People are walking inside building that has many murals on it.
People are walking outside building that has many murals on it.
People are walking outside building that has several murals on it.
People are walking through crowd in street.
People are walking through crowded street.
People are walking through street which is crowded.
People are walking.
People at drag race are looking at flames that are coming out of cars.
People at drag race are running away from flames that are coming out of cars.
People in costumes are sitting in street.
People in costumes are walking around in street.
People is standing against wall.
People wearing costumes are gathering in forest and are looking in same direction.
People wearing costumes are scattering in forest and are looking in different directions.
Pieces of butter are being added to stand mixer.
Pink bellbottoms and pink scarf aren't to be worn by women with silver pants or bike riding people.
Potatoes are being sliced by man.
Potatoes are being sliced by woman.
Preservers are being worn by group of people who are practicing water safety.
Racers are running down track.
Recruits are talking to an officer.
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down hill.
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down hill.
Rollerbladers are running in formation down hill.
Rugby is being played by some men.
Rugby players are not tackling each other.
Rugby players are tackling each other.
Runners are competing in race.
Runners are not taking part in race.
Runners are racing down track.
Runners are racing in competition.
Seasoning is being added to water by man.
Several boys are jumping on trampoline.
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees.
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised.
Several children are standing up.
Several ferrets are climbing into cage.
Several ferrets are climbing out of cage.
Several jumpers are swimming in water.
Several kids are jumping on trampoline.
Several old people are posing for photo and holding beers.
Several people are crossing in line bridge.
Several people are gathered around fire at night.
Several people are in front of building which is covered by colors.
Several people are in front of colorful building.
Several people are not walking in line across bridge.
Several people are sitting around fire at night.
Several people are sitting at little tables in darkened room.
Several people are sitting at small tables in darkened room.
Several people are sitting at small tables in light room.
Several people are walking in line across bridge.
Several swimmers are dashing into water.
Several swimmers are jumping into water.
Several swimmers are jumping out of water.
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to left.
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to right.
Several young people are posing for photo and holding beers.
Several young people are posing for photo and holding drinks.
Sign language is being used by young girl.
Skewers are being placed onto rack by woman.
Small children are climbing statue in park.
Small children are getting off statue in park.
Small kids are climbing statue in park.
Soccer players are kicking soccer ball into goal.
Some adults are sitting in chairs and are watching ocean.
Some animals are playing wildly in water.
Some bamboo is being eaten by panda bear.
Some bells are ringing near cook slicing peppers.
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on track near water and skyline.
Some bikers are getting airborne on track near water and skyline.
Some bikers are not getting airborne on track near water and skyline.
Some boys are in front of dancing people.
Some boys are jumping off platform.
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of ball.
Some boys are playing on trampoline.
Some boys being dressed with carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos .
Some cameras are being burned by person with blow torch.
Some cats are playing with each other.
Some cheerleaders are dancing.
Some cheerleaders are relaxing.
Some cheerleaders are taking break.
Some cheers are being performed by girl in blue and white uniform.
Some cheese is being put on pizza by man.
Some children are jumping off trampoline.
Some children are jumping on trampoline.
Some children are not playing on playground.
Some children are playing on playground.
Some children are playing on statue.
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping.
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in wagon, which is really small.
Some dangerous men with knives are throwing bike against tree.
Some dogs are not playing in stream.
Some dogs are playing in river.
Some dogs are playing in stream.
Some ferrets are climbing down from shelf.
Some fish are swimming quickly.
Some fish are swimming.
Some food is being eaten by man.
Some food is being fried by woman.
Some food is being prepared by chef.
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging.
Some furious racers on green grass are yelling at horses jumping an obstacle.
Some girls in their teens are dancing for camera.
Some green boots in puddle full of mud are targeted by playful young child wearing scarf.
Some horses are racing furiously over green grass and jumping an obstacle.
Some horses are resting on green grass.
Some ingredients are being mixed in bowl by person.
Some ingredients are being separated in bowl by person.
Some instruments are being played by band.
Some kids are playing on playground.
Some kittens are eating.
Some kittens are hungry.
Some liquid is being poured into pan by man.
Some meat is being cut into pieces by woman.
Some meat is being stitched together by woman.
Some men are fighting.
Some men are idling.
Some men are playing rugby.
Some men are resting.
Some men are running race.
Some men are sawing.
Some men are staring at big green hills in distance.
Some men in distance are staring at three big hills.
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by cat.
Some oil is being poured on tomatoes by man.
Some old dirt bikers are getting dirt bike up sandy hill.
Some old women are talking.
Some onions are being cut by person.
Some paper is being cut.
Some people and cars are on crowded street.
Some people and vehicles are on almost empty street.
Some people and vehicles are on crowded street.
Some people are in snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage.
Some people are playing cricket.
Some people are silent.
Some people are singing.
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books.
Some people are sitting on ground outside monument.
Some people are sitting on low cement ledge.
Some people are standing.
Some people are treading through snow of beautiful snowy landscape.
Some people are treading through snow of landscape which is beautiful and snowy.
Some people are walking.
Some people at drag race are looking at flames that are coming out of cars.
Some people is looking at sound equipment.
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other.
Some people who play soccer are kicking soccer ball into goal.
Some persons are riding and paddling raft.
Some persons are singing.
Some pieces of butter are being added to stand mixer.
Some racers are running down track.
Some racers are swimming in lake.
Some runners are competing in race.
Some sliced tofu is being eaten by woman.
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of bowl by woman.
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at front of class.
Some swimmers are getting out of lake.
Some teenage girls are dancing for camera.
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of camera.
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman.
Some water is being casually drunk by cat.
Some water is being drunk by cat.
Some women are cheerfully dancing.
Some women are dancing and singing .
Some women are dancing.
Some women are holding each other in circle and dancing.
Some women are not talking.
Some women are sitting together near woven walls.
Some women are talking.
Some young bikers are getting dirt bike up sandy hill.
Some young dirt bikers are getting dirt bike up sandy hill.
Some young men are standing still and car is exploding behind them.
Somebody is beating an egg.
Somebody is boiling okra in pot.
Somebody is cutting tomato.
Somebody is folding piece of paper.
Somebody is jumping in air on board.
Somebody is leaping in air on board.
Somebody is playing guitar.
Somebody is playing piano.
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on man.
Somebody is sitting at waterfall and looking at woman.
Somebody is standing on mountain top.
Somebody is typing on keyboard.
Someone is adding ingredients to pot.
Someone is banging camera lens against nail.
Someone is banging lens of camera against nail.
Someone is beating an egg.
Someone is beautifully playing piano.
Someone is being boiled with okra in pot.
Someone is boiling okra in pot.
Someone is checking email.
Someone is cleaning an animal.
Someone is cleansing an animal.
Someone is cooking okra in pan.
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors.
Someone is cutting tomato.
Someone is dirtying an animal.
Someone is dismantling piano.
Someone is drawing person.
Someone is drilling hole in strip of wood with power drill.
Someone is dropping meat into pan.
Someone is falling off horse.
Someone is feeding an animal.
Someone is folding piece of paper.
Someone is giving food to an animal.
Someone is holding hedgehog.
Someone is holding small animal.
Someone is making hole in strip of wood with drill.
Someone is nailing camera lens with loud bangs.
Someone is not playing piano.
Someone is not putting ingredients into wok.
Someone is not reading email.
Someone is not stirring chili in kettle.
Someone is on black and white motorcycle and is standing on seat.
Someone is on horse.
Someone is peeling banana.
Someone is playing guitar.
Someone is playing piano.
Someone is playing with frog.
Someone is playing with toad.
Someone is pouring ingredients into pot.
Someone is putting away keyboard.
Someone is putting guitar away.
Someone is putting ingredients into pan.
Someone is putting ingredients into wok.
Someone is reading email.
Someone is removing peel of banana.
Someone is scratching back of an animal.
Someone is scratching belly of an animal.
Someone is singing about man who plays guitar.
Someone is slicing tomato.
Someone is stirring chili in kettle.
Someone is stirring chili in pot.
Someone is stirring food in water.
Someone is stirring noodles in water.
Someone is stirring pot of chili with spoon.
Someone is stroking belly of an animal.
Someone is strumming guitar.
Someone is taking okra out of pot.
Someone is typing on keyboard.
Someone is typing.
Someone is writing.
Someone on perch is looking at small wooden cat that is on white cabinet outside window .
Something is being celebrated by cold cyclist.
Something is being fried by woman.
Sunglasses are being worn by boy.
Swimmers are racing in lake.
Tambourines are being played by group of children.
The adult is playing guitar loudly.
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement.
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement.
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement.
The air is tricking performing cyclist.
The American footballer is not wearing red and white strip.
The American footballer is wearing red and white strip.
The animal is grazing on grass.
The animal with big eyes is eating.
The animal with big eyes is sleeping.
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating.
The baby is being put into trash can by woman.
The baby is crawling happily.
The baby is laughing and crawling.
The baby is laughing and toddling.
The baby is not laughing and crawling.
The back of small black dog is being sniffed by brown dog.
The backyard light is playing tricks in dark on brown and black dog.
The badger is burrowing hole.
The badger isn't burrowing hole.
The ball is being dunked by man with jersey at basketball game.
The band is singing .
The band is singing loudly.
The band isn't singing.
The bearded man is not sitting on train.
The bearded man is sitting on train.
The bicycle is being ridden by man wearing beret on recreation trail.
The bicyclist is not riding on city street.
The bicyclist is riding on city street.
The bicyclist is speeding on city street.
The big surfer is riding and waving.
The bike is being ridden by girl in strange outfit.
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider.
The bike rider is not looking at accident of another bike rider.
The biker is riding along top of fence.
The black and white dog is jumping for ball.
The black and white dog is running and person stands behind it.
The black and white dog is running in field.
The black and white dog is running in green yard.
The black and white dog is running indoors.
The black and white dog is running outdoors.
The black and white dog is sitting on green yard.
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind.
The black bird is not sitting in leafless tree.
The black bird is sitting comfortably in leafless tree.
The black bird is sitting in leafless tree.
The black bird with yellow beak is standing in green grass.
The black dog is carrying blue and white ball in its mouth.
The black dog is carrying blue and white toy in its mouth.
The black dog is climbing on rock.
The black dog is not climbing on rock.
The black dog is not running through grass.
The black dog is not walking along tree trunk bridge over water.
The black dog is not walking through tall grass.
The black dog is playing with brown dog on sand.
The black dog is running through grass.
The black dog is sprinting through grass.
The black dog is walking along tree trunk bridge over water.
The black dog is walking through tall grass.
The black llama is curiously looking at white dogs.
The black player is making white player play near end of purple field.
The black woman is wearing glasses over headdress.
The blond girl is dancing behind sound equipment.
The blond girl is dancing in front of sound equipment.
The blonde girl with pink top is happily smiling and wearing funny glasses with large nose attached.
The blonde girl with pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with large nose attached.
The blonde girl with pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with large nose attached.
The body of man is in water near waterfall.
The boy and girl are cheerfully playing and wearing arm floats.
The boy and girl are not playing and wearing arm floats.
The boy and girl are not playing on playground.
The boy and girl are playing and wearing arm floats.
The boy and girl are playing on outdoor gym.
The boy in blue coverall is painting.
The boy in blue is running away from woman in blue.
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near stack of blocks on table.
The boy is checking calendar.
The boy is cutting grass by curb with scissors.
The boy is enthusiastically playing in mud.
The boy is not cutting grass by curb with scissors.
The boy is not playing piano.
The boy is not riding bike on top of metal fence.
The boy is not riding tricycle.
The boy is playing guitar.
The boy is playing in mud.
The boy is playing musical instrument.
The boy is playing piano.
The boy is riding bike on top of fence made of metal.
The boy is riding bike on top of metal fence.
The boy is riding tricycle.
The boy is shortening grass by curb with scissors.
The boy is sitting near blue ocean.
The boy is speedily riding tricycle.
The boy is spraying plants with water.
The boy is standing next to opening of fountain.
The boy is studying calendar.
The boy is trotting on horse.
The boy is wading through blue ocean.
The boy isn't playing in mud.
The boy isn't playing piano happily.
The boy on grass is lying and is hiding football between his feet.
The boy, who is young, is running through ocean waves.
The boys are not standing in front of burning car.
The boys are standing and burning car.
The boys are standing in front of burning car.
The boys are standing in front of car, which is burning.
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around.
The bride and groom are arriving after wedding.
The bride and groom are leaving after marriage.
The bride and groom are leaving after wedding.
The bride is leaving groom after wedding.
The brown animal is jumping in air.
The brown dog and black dog are in grass.
The brown dog and gray dog are playing in snow.
The brown dog and red dog are frolicking on beach.
The brown dog is jumping in air.
The brown dog is not playing outdoors.
The brown dog is not sniffing back of small black dog.
The brown dog is playing outdoors.
The brown dog is running in snow.
The brown dog is sniffing back of small black dog.
The brown dog is spotting black dog and is playing in dry grass.
The brown dog is spotting black dog lying in dry field.
The brown dog is spotting black dog lying in dry grass.
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on sandy beach.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on sandy beach.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on sandy shore.
The brown horse is far from red barrel at rodeo.
The brown horse is near red barrel at rodeo.
The brown horse is very near red barrel at rodeo.
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on muddy field.
The bunch of men are playing rugby on field full of mud.
The bunch of men are playing rugby on muddy field.
The bunch of men are playing with mud on rugby field.
The buttons of microwave are being pushed by man.
The camera man is nailing hammer to wall.
The car is being driven by man.
The cat is drinking some milk.
The cat is eating some corn.
The cat is hungrily drinking milk.
The cat is licking bottle.
The cat is licking milk from saucer.
The cat is licking shallow dish full of milk.
The cat is looking out window at table on perch.
The cat is playing keyboards.
The cat is playing passionately with watermelon.
The cat is playing with device.
The cat is playing with watermelon.
The cat is running across gravel.
The cat isn't licking milk from saucer.
The cat isn't playing with watermelon.
The cat perched on table is looking curiously out window.
The cat perched on table is looking out window.
The cat perched on table isn't looking out window.
The cats are not playing with each other.
The cats are playing with each other.
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white.
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey.
The chef is carefully drying oil from pan.
The chef is carefully pouring oil in pan.
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into pan.
The chef is seasoning oil.
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors.
The child is playing with toys indoors.
The child is playing with toys outdoors.
The child is playing with water spout outdoors and rest of his family is watching.
The child is silent.
The child is splashing water in big red pool.
The child is splashing water in pool.
The child is splashing water in small blue pool.
The children are chasing each other in sand.
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping.
The children are playing in front of door, which is very large.
The children are playing in front of large door.
The children are wearing black tights and hopping.
The children aren't playing in front of large door.
The children of family are patiently playing and waiting.
The children of family are playing and waiting.
The climbing equipment to rescue man is hanging from white, vertical rock.
The content of bowl is being mixed by man.
The cook is sprinkling cheese on pizza.
The cop is not sitting on police bike.
The cop is sitting on police bicycle.
The cop is sitting on police bike.
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by horse.
The cowboy is tossing blue and red pants towards horse.
The crowd is not watching football game.
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving starting line.
The crowd is watching football at game.
The crowd is watching football game.
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving starting line.
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving starting line.
The current is being ridden by group of friends in raft.
The cyclist is performing trick in air.
The cyclist isn't performing trick in air.
The dancer is dancing in front of sound equipment.
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of yellow building.
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of yellow building.
The deer is jumping over fence.
The deer is jumping over low fence.
The deer is not jumping over fence.
The doctor is helping patient.
The doctor is not helping patient.
The doctors are healing man.
The doctors are not reviving man.
The doctors are reviving man.
The dog has its head inside red and green gift bag.
The dog in dyed red vest is running in field.
The dog in red vest is not running in field.
The dog in red vest is running in field.
The dog is being walked by woman.
The dog is biting some droplets of water.
The dog is catching ball.
The dog is catching blue ball.
The dog is chasing ball.
The dog is having nap in park.
The dog is having rest in living room.
The dog is having rest in park.
The dog is jumping for Frisbee in snow.
The dog is jumping in shade of some trees.
The dog is knocking boy into water.
The dog is licking baby.
The dog is licking bottle.
The dog is moving through wet sand.
The dog is not catching blue ball.
The dog is not knocking boy into water.
The dog is not playing with plastic container.
The dog is on leash and is walking in water.
The dog is on leash and is walking near water.
The dog is on leash and is walking out of water.
The dog is playing with plastic container.
The dog is running across dirty path.
The dog is running across gravel.
The dog is running into brown light.
The dog is running through dry sand.
The dog is running through wet sand.
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water.
The dog is standing with its two front paws on rock in field.
The dog is swimming in lake and sun is shining on him.
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water.
The dog with black coat is walking along tree trunk bridge over water.
The dog with brown coat is playing outdoors.
The dog, which is black and white, is running and person stands behind it.
The driver's car is parked by man.
The drums are being played by man.
The elderly lady is anxiously waiting on sidewalk.
The elderly lady is not waiting on sidewalk.
The elderly lady is waiting on sidewalk.
The elderly person is waiting lady on sidewalk.
The elephant is being ridden by woman.
The elephant is being ridden over woman.
The elephant isn't being ridden by woman.
The equipment in front of blond dancing girl is sound.
The family is posing by mantel and Christmas tree.
The female wearing pink gloves and brown jacket is smiling in snow.
The fish are immobile.
The fish is following turtle.
The flute is being played by one man.
The flute is being played by woman.
The food on trays is being eaten by kittens.
The food on trays isn't being eaten by kittens.
The football is between feet of boy who is lying on grass.
The football isn't between feet of boy who is lying in grass.
The friends are making faces for camera.
The fur of cat is being combed by person.
The furry brown dog is not running through grassy area.
The furry brown dog is running through grassy area.
The game of basketball consists of ball being dunked by man with jersey.
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in ear and drawing on back.
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in ear and no tattoo on back.
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in ear and tattoo on back.
The girl in black hat is wearing bikini at beach.
The girl in blue and white uniform is cheering.
The girl in blue and white uniform isn't cheering.
The girl in blue coverall is painting.
The girl in blue is chasing base runner with number on jersey.
The girl in blue is chasing player with number on jersey.
The girl in dyed red shirt isn't blowing bubble.
The girl in red shirt is blowing bubble .
The girl is applying makeup to her face.
The girl is carrying sign and group of people is following her.
The girl is carrying sign and is being followed by group of people.
The girl is cheering man in blue and white uniform.
The girl is erasing other man's work from board.
The girl is exercising.
The girl is lounging.
The girl is not carrying sign and no group of people is following her.
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid.
The girl is not wearing white shirt and pink skirt, and is not standing in front of house.
The girl is painting coverall blue.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto car.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto vehicle.
The girl is riding horse.
The girl is sitting on couch and is crocheting.
The girl is sitting on sofa and crocheting.
The girl is spraying plants with water.
The girl is standing behind little woman who is swinging.
The girl is standing on couch and crocheting.
The girl is tapping her fingernails.
The girl is trotting on horse.
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid.
The girl is using pencil for eyes on her eyelid.
The girl is watering plants.
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and striped tie.
The girl is wearing shirt colored in white with pink skirt, and is standing in front of house.
The girl is wearing white shirt and pink skirt, and is standing in front of house.
The girl isn't jumping onto car recklessly.
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers.
The girl with helmet is perching on bike.
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into pony tail.
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into pony tail..
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair.
The girl, who is little, is swinging and woman is standing behind.
The girl, who is young, is blowing bubble that is huge.
The goal is being guarded by hockey player in yellow jersey.
The golden dog is running through field of tall grass.
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys.
The grotto with pink interior is being climbed by four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy.
The group of Asian girls are standing together.
The group of dim people is sitting in room.
The group of people is not sitting in dim room.
The group of people is not sitting on ground outside monument.
The group of people is not sitting on rocky ledge with scenic view behind them.
The group of people is sitting in dim room.
The group of people is sitting in room which is dim.
The group of people is sitting on ground outside monument.
The group of people is sitting on ledge which is rocky and scenic view is behind them.
The group of people is sitting on rocky ledge and scenic view is behind them.
The group of people is standing together and looking at camera.
The guitar is being played by girl.
The guitar is being played by kid.
The guitar is being played by lady.
The guitar is being played by man, who has guitar case open for donations.
The guitar is being played by man.
The guitar is being played by nobody.
The guitar is being sold by lady.
The guitar player is loving one girl.
The guitar player loves man passionately.
The hairy man is sitting on train.
The helmeted girl is perching on bike.
The helmeted girl is riding bike.
The herd of caribous is crossing road quickly.
The herd of caribous is crossing road.
The herd of caribous is not crossing road.
The horse is being ridden by girl.
The horse is being ridden by man.
The horse is leaping over rider at barrier.
The hungry woman is eating.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing yellow jersey and is not defending goal.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing yellow jersey and is defending goal.
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people.
The intense man is guitar player.
The interviewer is granting break to man.
The Jockeys are racing horses on field, which is completely green.
The Jockeys are riding horses on field, which is completely green.
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on field, which is completely green.
The kangaroo is picking up woman.
The keyboard is being played with his nose by man.
The kid is happily sliding in snow.
The kid is sliding in snow.
The kid is still in snow.
The kid is swimming through blue ocean.
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man.
The kids are chasing each other in sand.
The kids are not chasing each other in sand.
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around.
The kids are playing outdoors near man with smile.
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around.
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from bowl.
The kitten is not playing with toy.
The kitten is playing with toy.
The kitten isn't eagerly drinking some milk from bowl.
The kittens are eating food on trays.
The kittens on trays are being eaten as food for an advertisement.
The lady is adding cheese to sauce.
The lady is breaking an egg for mixer.
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into bowl.
The lady is breaking raw eggs into bowl.
The lady is carefully slicing up meat.
The lady is cracking an egg for mixer.
The lady is cracking an egg into bowl.
The lady is cracking an egg into dish.
The lady is dancing.
The lady is dicing onions.
The lady is eating slices of meat.
The lady is holding paintbrush next to artist's easel .
The lady is measuring ankle of another woman.
The lady is peeling potato.
The lady is penciling on eyeshadow.
The lady is picking up kangaroo.
The lady is slicing tomato.
The lady is slicing up meat.
The lady is stirring eggs in bowl.
The lady is stirring meat in bowl.
The lady is taking an egg out of bowl.
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into bowl.
The lady isn't cracking an egg for mixer.
The lady isn't measuring ankle of another woman.
The lady isn't slicing up meat.
The land near white bird is being watered swiftly.
The large brown dog is not running outside in dirt.
The large brown dog is running outdoors in dirt.
The large brown dog is running outside in dirt.
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying colorful toy in its mouth.
The large dog is walking outside and is holding colorful toy in its mouth.
The light brown dog is running up street.
The lion is pacing tiredly in pen.
The little boy is not singing and playing guitar.
The little boy is riding bicycle in race.
The little boy is running on ground and playing with little girl.
The little boy is singing and playing guitar.
The little boy is sticking his tongue out for camera and another boy is looking on.
The little boy is wearing yellow tank top and is laughing.
The little cat is playing with toy.
The little dog is dropping bedroom slipper from its mouth.
The little dog is grabbing bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily.
The little dog is grabbing bedroom slipper with its mouth.
The little girl in pink shirt is running under tree in desert.
The little girl is looking at man in costume.
The little girl is not swinging and woman is not standing behind her.
The little girl is riding bicycle in race.
The little girl is smiling and wearing fake nose and glasses.
The little girl is swinging and woman is standing behind her.
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into grass.
The little kid is playing football and falling into grass.
The little kid is singing and playing guitar.
The log is lying on panda bear.
The loud man is not allowed to play guitar.
The machine is not shaving pencil.
The machine is shaving end of pencil.
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of yellow building.
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump.
The man and boy are standing at bottom of stairs, which are outdoors.
The man and boy are standing at top of stairs, which are outdoors.
The man and child are kayaking through gentle waters.
The man and woman are not walking.
The man and woman are strolling.
The man and woman are walking through woods.
The man and woman are walking.
The man at beach is not doing handstand on wet sand at edge of water.
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers.
The man dressed in leather chaps and purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers.
The man has window of time to clean himself.
The man in blue is chasing base runner with number on jersey.
The man in blue is posing for picture next to car.
The man in blue is posing for picture next to vehicle.
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on rocks beside river.
The man in cowboy hat is not walking through market and is not putting hand in his pocket.
The man in cowboy hat is walking through market and is putting hand in his pocket.
The man in grey t-shirt is sitting on rock in front of waterfall.
The man in hat is smoking straw cigarette.
The man in hat suited for cowboys is walking through market and is putting hand in his pocket.
The man in not playing flute.
The man in purple hat is operating camera that makes videos.
The man in purple hat isn't operating camera that makes videos.
The man in red jacket is standing next to yellow kayak on some rocks by ocean.
The man in straw hat is not smoking cigarette.
The man in straw hat is smoking cigarette.
The man in suit is standing at microphone and singing.
The man in t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on rock in front of waterfall.
The man in white hat is playing guitar on stage.
The man is abruptly knocked off of horse.
The man is absently eating banana by tree.
The man is adding seasoning to water in bowl.
The man is aiming gun.
The man is austerely playing piano.
The man is being knocked off of horse.
The man is biking in snow and wearing red jacket.
The man is carefully feeding mouse to snake.
The man is carelessly smearing butter on slice of garlic bread.
The man is catching fish.
The man is cautiously feeding mouse to snake.
The man is cautiously operating stenograph.
The man is cheerfully hiking in woods.
The man is chopping tree trunk with an axe.
The man is chopping trunk of tree with an axe.
The man is cleaning drawing on board.
The man is climbing up rope.
The man is clumsily kick boxing with trainer.
The man is cooking sauce for meat.
The man is cooking slices of potato.
The man is cracking eggs into bowl.
The man is cutting cooked octopus.
The man is cutting paper plate.
The man is cutting tape on box.
The man is dancing frantically.
The man is dancing upside-down on ceiling.
The man is dancing.
The man is denying an interview.
The man is dipping into swamp.
The man is doing exercises in gym.
The man is doing exercises.
The man is doing floor exercises.
The man is doing handstand on wet sand at edge of water at beach.
The man is doing handstand on wet shore at edge of water at beach.
The man is doing magic trick.
The man is doing wheelie on mountain bike.
The man is doing wheelie with motorbike in field which is mostly barren.
The man is doing wheelie with motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren.
The man is drawing gun.
The man is drawing.
The man is driving car carefully.
The man is driving car.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into cold water.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water.
The man is eating banana by tree.
The man is eating cereal.
The man is eating potato slices.
The man is eating.
The man is erasing drawing on board.
The man is erasing other man's work from board.
The man is erasing other man's work from panel.
The man is exercising.
The man is fasting.
The man is feeding snake with an animal.
The man is feeding snake with mouse.
The man is funnily playing piano with his nose.
The man is getting off motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren.
The man is going into lake.
The man is going into water.
The man is gracefully singing and playing guitar.
The man is granting an interview.
The man is guitar player.
The man is hammering nail with camera.
The man is handling gun.
The man is hiking in woods.
The man is hurling knives at tree.
The man is intensely playing guitar.
The man is kick boxing with trainer.
The man is kicking boxing trainer.
The man is lifting barbells.
The man is lifting weights.
The man is lowering barbells.
The man is lying naked near surfboard.
The man is not adding seasoning to the/some water in bowl.
The man is not chopping tree trunk with an axe.
The man is not climbing up rope.
The man is not cutting paper plate.
The man is not cutting tape on box.
The man is not dancing.
The man is not doing exercises.
The man is not doing floor exercises.
The man is not doing wheelie on mountain bike.
The man is not drawing.
The man is not eating banana by tree.
The man is not exercising.
The man is not feeding snake with mouse.
The man is not going into water.
The man is not hammering nail with camera.
The man is not hiking in woods.
The man is not kick boxing with trainer.
The man is not knocked off of horse.
The man is not performing large jump.
The man is not playing drums.
The man is not playing flute.
The man is not playing guitar.
The man is not putting chicken into container.
The man is not riding horse by creek.
The man is not riding horse.
The man is not riding mechanical bull.
The man is not seasoning sausages.
The man is not slicing potato.
The man is not slicing potatoes.
The man is not slicing vegetables.
The man is not standing on rocky mountain and gray clouds are not in background.
The man is not stirring oil.
The man is not stirring sauce for chicken.
The man is not taking picture of himself and another guy.
The man is not talking on phone.
The man is not walking along path through wilderness.
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming wheelie done with motorcycle..
The man is on ride with horse.
The man is opening guitar for donations and plays with case.
The man is operating stenograph.
The man is pacing around room.
The man is painting.
The man is performing large jump.
The man is playing an acoustic guitar.
The man is playing drums.
The man is playing flute.
The man is playing game on grass.
The man is playing game on lawn.
The man is playing guitar and has guitar case open for donations.
The man is playing guitar which is acoustic.
The man is playing guitar.
The man is playing harp.
The man is playing instrument.
The man is playing piano with his nose.
The man is playing piano.
The man is playing with skull.
The man is pouring oil into pan.
The man is pouring oil on few tomatoes.
The man is pouring some oil on tomatoes.
The man is practicing guitar.
The man is putting away bread.
The man is putting away camera and walks away from beach.
The man is putting away guitar in guitar case.
The man is putting chicken into box.
The man is putting chicken into container.
The man is racing for lead .
The man is removing knives from tree.
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water.
The man is riding bull which is mechanical.
The man is riding horse by creek.
The man is riding horse by stream.
The man is riding horse.
The man is riding mechanical bull.
The man is rising from swamp.
The man is rock climbing.
The man is running on road.
The man is seasoning meat.
The man is seasoning sausages.
The man is setting up camera and takes pictures of sunset at beach.
The man is setting up camera and taking sunset pictures at beach.
The man is silent and still.
The man is singing and playing guitar.
The man is singing heartily and playing guitar.
The man is sitting indoors.
The man is sitting next to birdcage.
The man is sitting on floor in room and strumming guitar.
The man is sitting on train and resting his hand against his face.
The man is sitting outdoors under purple umbrella.
The man is sitting outside under purple umbrella.
The man is skillfully playing guitar.
The man is slicing bread.
The man is slicing potato.
The man is slicing potatoes.
The man is slicing some potatoes.
The man is slicing tomato.
The man is slicing vegetables.
The man is speaking on phone.
The man is speaking on telephone.
The man is spraying super soaker into mouth of dog.
The man is sprinkling cheese on pizza.
The man is staging microphone and is singing.
The man is standing in body of water near waterfall.
The man is standing in lake near waterfall.
The man is standing in water at base of waterfall.
The man is standing next to bird cage.
The man is standing on mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in background.
The man is standing on rocky mountain and gray clouds are in background.
The man is standing on sidewalk.
The man is standing outdoor and boy is falling over bottom of stairs.
The man is standing steadily next to birdcage.
The man is stirring oil.
The man is stirring sauce for chicken.
The man is swimming in body of water near waterfall.
The man is taking picture of himself and another guy.
The man is talking about telephone.
The man is talking on phone.
The man is talking on telephone.
The man is thinking.
The man is throwing knives at tree.
The man is tossing kid into swimming pool that is near ocean.
The man is training.
The man is typing on machine used for stenography.
The man is using sledgehammer to break concrete block that is on another man.
The man is using sledgehammer to break concrete block that is on another person.
The man is walking along path through wilderness.
The man is walking along track through wilderness.
The man is wearing wetsuit and is riding surfboard.
The man is wildly dancing.
The man is wrapping potato.
The man isn't cautiously feeding mouse to snake.
The man isn't doing magic trick.
The man isn't driving car.
The man isn't intensely playing guitar.
The man isn't lifting weights.
The man isn't operating stenograph.
The man isn't playing an acoustic guitar.
The man isn't playing piano.
The man isn't smearing butter on bread .
The man isn't talking on telephone.
The man needs stenograph to operate .
The man on green bike is performing tricks on dirt ramp.
The man on stage is passionately singing into microphone.
The man on stage is singing into microphone.
The man on stage isn't singing into microphone.
The man surrounded by men with camera is wearing gray suit and glasses.
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing gray suit and glasses.
The man with brown hair is not wearing sunglasses and is not sitting at table with cans of soda and other drinks.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at table with cans of soda and other drinks.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at table with cans of soda and other drinks.
The man with dyed purple hat is operating camera that makes videos.
The man with hard hat is dancing.
The man's jumper is in empty pool.
The meat is being dropped into pan.
The meat is not being dropped into pan.
The men are acting on stage.
The men are carefully putting suitcases into trunk of car.
The men are climbing mountain.
The men are fighting with their fists in ring.
The men are fist fighting in ring.
The men are having conversation.
The men are in suitcases that are being packed in trunk of car.
The men are not climbing mountain.
The men are not dancing.
The men are not fist fighting in ring.
The men are not packing suitcases into trunk of car.
The men are not playing soccer.
The men are not putting suitcases into trunk of car .
The men are not talking.
The men are packing suitcases into trunk of car.
The men are performing on stage.
The men are placing suitcases in trunk of car.
The men are playing soccer.
The men are playing with ball.
The men are putting suitcases into trunk of car.
The men are talking.
The men in brown shorts are not walking on rocks beside river.
The men in brown shorts are walking on rocks beside river.
The microphone in front of talking parrot is being muted.
The military officer is barking at recruits.
The military officer is not barking at recruits.
The military officer is shouting at recruits.
The milk is being drunk by cat.
The monkey is being trained in martial arts.
The monkey is brushing bull dog.
The monkey is brushing dog.
The monkey is not brushing bull dog.
The monkey is practicing martial arts.
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts.
The motocross rider is standing naked.
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants.
The motorcycle racer is riding red and black bike.
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of standing biker.
The muscular black man is dancing and man behind him is wearing green beads.
The muscular man is dancing and man behind him is wearing green beads.
The muscular white man is dancing and man behind him is wearing green beads.
The oil is being stirred by man.
The onion is being cut by man.
The orange colored dices are being cast by cook to win pepper.
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across water.
The orange rescue boat is rushing across water.
The orange rider is driving motorcycle on one wheel.
The orange rider is not driving motorcycle on one wheel.
The oriental lady is cutting carrot into pieces that are thin.
The oriental lady is cutting carrot into thin pieces.
The oriental lady is not cutting carrot into thin pieces.
The panda bear is lying on logs.
The panda bear is not lying on logs.
The panda bear is resting on logs.
The panda is eating bamboo.
The panda is not eating bamboo.
The parrot is amazingly talking into microphone.
The parrot is silent in front of microphone.
The parrot is speaking.
The parrot is talking into microphone.
The patient is being helped by doctor.
The patient is helping doctor.
The people are not sitting on bench in front of restaurant.
The people are not walking on road beside beautiful waterfall.
The people are running at carnival.
The people are sitting aimlessly on bench in front of restaurant.
The people are sitting in restaurant in front of beach.
The people are sitting on bench in front of restaurant.
The people are standing at carnival.
The people are standing at parade.
The people are walking on road beside beautiful waterfall.
The people are walking on road beside waterfall, which is beautiful.
The pepper is being sliced by woman with knife.
The performer is tricking person on motorcycle.
The person in blue jacket is putting down colorful helmet.
The person in blue jacket is wearing colorful helmet.
The person is boiling noodles.
The person is brushing cat.
The person is carefully slicing potato.
The person is cracking eggs into bowl.
The person is dicing up pepper which is orange.
The person is drawing.
The person is eating.
The person is flying through air on bicycle.
The person is going into sea.
The person is going into water.
The person is hiking.
The person is not drawing.
The person is not flying through air on bicycle.
The person is not going into water.
The person is not riding horse.
The person is not slicing clove of garlic into pieces.
The person is not slicing onions.
The person is not standing on white ice.
The person is not writing with pencil.
The person is painting.
The person is peeling an onion.
The person is playing flute.
The person is playing guitar.
The person is playing with skull.
The person is practicing guitar.
The person is quickly slicing vegetable.
The person is riding animal.
The person is riding horse.
The person is riding jetski in waves.
The person is riding motorbike on sandy track.
The person is riding motorbike on track on sand.
The person is scrubbing zucchini.
The person is setting fire to cameras.
The person is slicing clove of garlic into pieces.
The person is slicing onions.
The person is slicing potato.
The person is slicing vegetable.
The person is standing dangerously on white ice.
The person is standing on white ice.
The person is trotting on horse.
The person is walking.
The person is wearing wetsuit and is riding surfboard.
The person is writing with pencil.
The person is writing.
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper.
The person isn't practicing guitar.
The person isn't riding motorbike on sandy track.
The person isn't slicing vegetable.
The person on motorcycle is holding up an arm.
The person on motorcycle is holding up his arm.
The person on motorcycle is not holding up an arm.
The person who is playing soccer is kicking ball between somebody's legs.
The person who rides bikes is looking at an accident of another bike rider.
The person with green shirt is jumping high over grass.
The persons are singing and dancing.
The piano is being played by man.
The piano is being played by someone.
The piano isn't being played by anyone.
The piano player is being tough man.
The picture of camera set up is being taken by man on beach at sunset.
The picture of man is being taken near lake.
The piece of paper is being cut.
The piece of paper is not being cut.
The plane is landing.
The plane, which is south African, is flying in blue sky.
The play for ladies requires guitar.
The play is about happy boy playing piano.
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near end of field.
The player in purple, white and black is playing near end of field.
The player is dunking basketball into net and crowd is in background.
The player is missing basket and crowd is in background.
The players is maneuvering for ball.
The players is maneuvering for basket ball.
The players is maneuvering for soccer ball.
The potato is being peeled by lady.
The potato is being peeled by woman.
The potato isn't being peeled by woman.
The practicing person doesn't like guitar.
The presentation is being attended by classroom of students.
The presentation is being watched by classroom of students.
The presentation isn't being watched by classroom of students.
The priest is walking down aisle to marry couple.
The puppy is not playing with plastic container.
The puppy is playing with container made of plastic.
The puppy is playing with plastic container.
The recruits are barking at military officer.
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside holiday gift bag.
The red and brown dog is not digging its nose inside holiday gift bag.
The rescue boat, which is orange, is rushing across water.
The rhino is being fed on grass.
The rhino is grazing on grass.
The rhino is not grazing on grass.
The rider dressed in orange is driving motorcycle on one wheel.
The rider is biking in rain and wearing red jacket.
The rider is biking in snow and wearing red jacket.
The rider on blue and black motocross bike is not wearing pants.
The riders are fencing in boy's metal bike.
The rollerblader is not performing trick on ramp.
The runners are not racing around track.
The runners are racing around track.
The runners are racing impetuously around track.
The sheepdog is grouping herd of sheep.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near man in white shirt and sunglasses.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near man in white shirt and sunglasses.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near person in white shirt and sunglasses.
The show for small child is being set on an exciting swing at park.
The singer is hiring person to fire guitar player.
The singer is leaving band.
The singer is playing guitar at an acoustic concert for woman.
The singer is playing guitar in front of person.
The skateboarder is jumping in air.
The skillet is being oiled by woman who is pouring some water.
The small bee is landing on bunch of yellow flowers.
The small boy is playing with dog.
The small boy is standing in forest.
The small child is not wading through water and is not being guided by another person.
The small child is wading through water and is being guided by another person.
The small child is walking through water and is being guided by another person.
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying colorful toy in its mouth.
The small girl is riding in toy car.
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside building in snow.
The snowboarder is doing flip over mound of snow.
The snowboarder is jumping off snow covered hill.
The snowboarder is jumping off snow.
The snowboarder is jumping off snowy hill.
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow.
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow.
The snowboarder is not jumping off snow covered hill.
The snowboarder isn't leaping over white snow.
The soccer player is kicking ball between somebody's legs.
The soccer player is not kicking ball between somebody's legs.
The south African plane is flying in blue sky.
The south African plane is not flying in blue sky.
The speaker likes parrots.
The squirrel is not running in circles.
The squirrel is running in circles.
The students are filling classroom.
The study subject is camera man.
The subject is being studied by man with camera.
The sun is not shining on face of girl who is in yellow dress.
The sun is shining on face of girl who is in dyed yellow dress.
The sun is shining on face of girl who is in yellow dress.
The surfer is leaning on surfboard.
The surfer is riding big wave.
The surfer is riding small wave.
The tail of an animal is being chasing by dog in grass.
The tall person is setting fire to cameras.
The tan dog is not watching brown dog that is swimming in pond.
The tan dog is watching brown dog that is swimming in pond.
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red.
The teens are talking to boy and girl with webcam.
The tennis player with green headband is hitting ball.
The trumpet is being played by man.
The turtle is following fish.
The turtle is following red fish.
The turtle isn't following fish.
The violin is being played by little girl on beach.
The violin is being played by woman.
The wave is being ridden by surfer.
The white bird is landing swiftly in water.
The white dog is carrying blue and white ball in its mouth.
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near brown dog.
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to brown dog.
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near brown dog.
The white dogs are looking at black llama.
The white dogs are looking curiously at black llama.
The white dogs aren't looking curiously at black llama.
The white rally car is throwing mud into air and is approaching bend in track.
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near brown reindeer.
The windows are being cleaned by man.
The windows are being polished by man.
The woman and man are not travelling by car.
The woman and man are travelling by automobile.
The woman and man are travelling by car.
The woman dressed in leather chaps and purple shirt is standing in front of onlookers.
The woman in blue is posing for picture next to car.
The woman in jeans is sitting on saddle of horse.
The woman in red costume is leaning against brick wall and playing an instrument.
The woman in red costume is leaning against wall made of bricks and playing an instrument.
The woman in red costume is not leaning against brick wall and is not playing an instrument.
The woman in white sweater is drawing tattoo on hand of teenager.
The woman in white sweater is not drawing tattoo on hand of teenager.
The woman is adding cheese to sauce.
The woman is adding sugar to meat slowly.
The woman is adding sugar to meat.
The woman is chopping garlic.
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork.
The woman is cleaning shrimp.
The woman is cooking eggs.
The woman is cooking something.
The woman is cracking eggs into bowl.
The woman is cracking two eggs into bowl made of glass.
The woman is cracking two eggs into glass bowl.
The woman is cutting carrot.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus.
The woman is dancing and man is playing keyboard.
The woman is dancing.
The woman is dicing carrot.
The woman is dicing garlic.
The woman is dicing onions.
The woman is drawing man.
The woman is drinking.
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat.
The woman is eating.
The woman is erasing drawing on board.
The woman is frying breaded pork chop.
The woman is frying chop of breaded pork.
The woman is handling frog.
The woman is happily playing guitar, which is acoustic, and singing.
The woman is holding paintbrush next to artist's easel .
The woman is holding white jacket and red glass in front of man wearing t-shirt.
The woman is holding whole tomato.
The woman is looking at view of city.
The woman is lovingly cooking something.
The woman is measuring man.
The woman is measuring other woman.
The woman is not adding sugar to meat.
The woman is not chopping garlic.
The woman is not cooking something.
The woman is not cracking two eggs into glass bowl.
The woman is not cutting carrot.
The woman is not dancing.
The woman is not dicing garlic.
The woman is not frying breaded pork chop.
The woman is not handling frog.
The woman is not penciling on eyeshadow.
The woman is not picking up and holding baby kangaroo.
The woman is not picking up baby kangaroo.
The woman is not playing an electric guitar.
The woman is not playing flute.
The woman is not poking holes in potato.
The woman is not pouring oil into pan.
The woman is not putting makeup on man.
The woman is not putting pasta into dish.
The woman is not seasoning oil.
The woman is not slicing an onion with knife.
The woman is not slicing an onion.
The woman is not slicing herbs.
The woman is not stirring meat in bowl.
The woman is not walking dog.
The woman is not waterskiing.
The woman is not wearing glasses or headdress.
The woman is not wearing red jacket and is not holding glass in front of man in white t-shirt.
The woman is peeling potato.
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow.
The woman is picking up and holding baby kangaroo.
The woman is picking up baby kangaroo.
The woman is picking up kangaroo that is little.
The woman is picking up kangaroo.
The woman is playing an electric guitar.
The woman is playing flute.
The woman is playing guitar which is electric.
The woman is playing guitar, which is acoustic, and singing.
The woman is playing guitar.
The woman is playing with two young boys at park.
The woman is poking holes in potato.
The woman is poking potato.
The woman is pouring oil into pan.
The woman is pouring oil into skillet.
The woman is putting away flute.
The woman is putting down kangaroo.
The woman is putting make-up on.
The woman is putting makeup on man.
The woman is putting pasta into dish.
The woman is removing cheese from sauce.
The woman is removing make-up.
The woman is riding elephant.
The woman is seasoning oil.
The woman is sitting near flower bed and is overlooking tunnel.
The woman is sitting on bench and is wearing gray jacket and black pants.
The woman is slicing an onion with knife.
The woman is slicing an onion.
The woman is slicing clove of garlic.
The woman is slicing cooked octopus.
The woman is slicing garlic.
The woman is slicing herbs.
The woman is slicing tomato.
The woman is squeezing juice out of lemon.
The woman is stirring eggs in bowl.
The woman is stirring meat in bowl.
The woman is storing away eggs.
The woman is taking up and holding baby kangaroo.
The woman is throwing onions away.
The woman is using sledgehammer to break concrete block that is on another man.
The woman is walking dog down street .
The woman is walking dog.
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly.
The woman is waterskiing.
The woman is wearing blue helmet and is riding bicycle in parking lot.
The woman is wearing colorful shirt and lot of jewelry.
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing gun at an indoor shooting range.
The woman is wearing glasses and black headdress.
The woman is wearing red jacket and holding glass in front of man in t-shirt, which is white.
The woman is wearing red jacket and holding glass in front of man in white t-shirt.
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands.
The woman isn't playing guitar, which is acoustic, or singing.
The woman isn't pouring oil into skillet.
The woman isn't stirring eggs in bowl.
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing gray suit and glasses.
The woman wearing blue and white uniform with white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others who are dressed in same fashion.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and pink scarf is happily riding bike.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and pink scarf is riding bike.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and pink scarf isn't riding bike.
The woman with black hat is wearing sunglasses.
The woman with knife is not slicing pepper.
The woman with knife is slicing pepper.
The women are dancing outside.
The women are divinely dancing outside.
The women are not dancing outside.
The women are not singing and dancing.
The women are singing and dancing.
The women are wearing something right and pointing at several bunny ears.
The writing is about person penciling.
The yellow dog is drinking water from bottle.
The yellow dog is drinking water from container.
The yellow dog is drinking water from pot.
The young boy in blue shirt is jumping into water.
The young boy in blue shirt is not jumping into water.
The young boy is climbing wall made of rock.
The young boy is not running through ocean waves.
The young boy is riding dirt bike through mud.
The young boy is running through ocean waves.
The young boys are not posing with green soccer ball in park.
The young boys are playing outdoors and man is smiling nearby.
The young boys are posing with green soccer ball in park.
The young child is riding three wheeled scooter down sidewalk.
The young child is splashing in water.
The young girl in blue is enjoying slide.
The young girl in blue is having fun on slide.
The young girl in blue is having fun on swing.
The young girl in blue is jumping in air.
The young girl is blowing bubble that is huge.
The young girl is blowing bubble that is very small.
The young girl is playing on edge of fountain and an older woman is watching her.
The young girl with pink shirt is peacefully lying on grass.
The young girl with pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on grass.
The young girl with shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on grass.
The young kids are posing with green soccer ball in park.
The young lady is measuring ankle of another woman.
The young man is not rock climbing.
The young man is rock climbing.
The young peaceful girl is lying about grass found in pink shirt.
The young woman in dyed red shirt, is blowing bubble that is huge.
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of ball.
There are no children playing and waiting.
There are no children playing on statue.
There are no dogs fighting for frisbee in lake.
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across street.
There are no dogs playing in snow.
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other.
There are no kids jumping on trampoline.
There are no little boys playing outside with soccer ball on green grass.
There are no men fighting.
There are no men sawing.
There are no men sitting at table with four beer bottles.
There are no mimes performing.
There are no people driving ATVs.
There are no people flipping tires of tractor.
There are no racers running down track.
There are no soccer players kicking soccer ball into goal.
There are no white dogs running and jumping along beach.
There are no women wearing bikinis on sandy beach.
There aren't many people in ice skating park.
There is guy cheerfully playing with footbag.
There is no adult in amphitheater talking to boy.
There is no airplane taking off.
There is no Asian woman holding fur scarf.
There is no baby being put into trash can by woman.
There is no baby playing with dog.
There is no baby talking.
There is no baby tiger playing with ball.
There is no badger shrewdly digging earth.
There is no band playing.
There is no basketball player on court floor and no one is grabbing ball.
There is no bicyclist jumping on pyramid-shaped ramp.
There is no biker jumping in air.
There is no black and white dog jumping for ball.
There is no black dog with red collar putting its face in water.
There is no black, red, white and pink dress being worn by woman.
There is no blond child holding yellow bottle.
There is no blonde lady looking at tower.
There is no bmx biker jumping dirt ramps in front of body of water.
There is no boy checking calendar.
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors.
There is no boy filling pitcher with water.
There is no boy hanging fishing rod and running in front of fish.
There is no boy in swimsuit sitting on top of circular fountain.
There is no boy in white t-shirt splashing in shallow water.
There is no boy looking at calendar.
There is no boy playing guitar.
There is no boy playing keyboard.
There is no boy playing outdoors and there is no man smiling.
There is no boy playing piano.
There is no boy standing in front of blue building in space reserved for handicapped people.
There is no boy walking across bridge.
There is no boy wearing red shorts jumping into paddling pool.
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in sand.
There is no brown dog jumping in air.
There is no brown dog running across yard with toy in its mouth.
There is no brown dog running through tall green grass.
There is no brown dog standing in water.
There is no brown dog staring attentively at brown and white dog.
There is no brown duck with green head flapping its wings in water.
There is no bunny playing with stuffed bunny.
There is no butter being added to stand mixer.
There is no cat eating corn on cob.
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk.
There is no cat playing keyboard.
There is no cat playing keyboards.
There is no cat playing with device.
There is no cat playing with watermelon.
There is no cat sliding upside down under couch.
There is no cat swinging on fan.
There is no cat walking on hardwood floor.
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey.
There is no chef preparing meal.
There is no child hanging on large branch.
There is no child holding camera in front of his face.
There is no child holding squirt gun.
There is no child holding water gun or getting sprayed with water.
There is no child in red outfit jumping on trampoline.
There is no child lying in snow and making snow angels.
There is no child playing with water spout outdoors with rest of his family watching.
There is no child sitting in red and yellow toy car.
There is no child waking up.
There is no classroom full of students looking in same direction inside bamboo structure.
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing.
There is no clown singing.
There is no cold cyclist celebrating.
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers.
There is no couple running towards ocean.
There is no cyclist on yellow bike airborne.
There is no cyclist performing jump on bicycle.
There is no deer jumping fences.
There is no dog barking at ball.
There is no dog barking.
There is no dog bouncing on trampoline.
There is no dog catching ball.
There is no dog chasing another or holding stick in its mouth.
There is no dog chasing ball in grass.
There is no dog chasing ball.
There is no dog crossing river on bridge made from fallen tree.
There is no dog eating doll.
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in grass.
There is no dog in colored coat running across yard.
There is no dog joyfully running on grass.
There is no dog jumping at shiny blue soccer ball in field of dry leaves.
There is no dog jumping for Frisbee in snow.
There is no dog leaping in air.
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks.
There is no dog licking baby.
There is no dog looking around.
There is no dog playing in field of brown grass.
There is no dog playing with red ball.
There is no dog playing with toy.
There is no dog racing on track.
There is no dog riding skateboard.
There is no dog rolling from side to side.
There is no dog running and carrying an object in its mouth.
There is no dog running in grass.
There is no dog running on beach.
There is no dog running on road.
There is no dog running through field and chasing ball.
There is no dog running up grassy hill.
There is no dog running with volleyball.
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for soccer ball.
There is no dog standing on side of mountain.
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on rock in field.
There is no dog swimming in lake with sunshine shining on him.
There is no dog turning on grass and pursuing flying ball.
There is no dog walking along snowdrift.
There is no dog which is furry and black in back yard carrying basket in its mouth..
There is no dog with blue blanket running through grass.
There is no dog wrestling and hugging.
There is no family posing by mantel and Christmas tree.
There is no famous singer dancing on ceiling.
There is no football player in purple jersey running with ball for touchdown.
There is no girl applying makeup to her face.
There is no girl brushing her hair.
There is no girl communicating with sign language.
There is no girl filing her nails.
There is no girl in blue jumping in air.
There is no girl in brown dress being surrounded by children and closing her eyes.
There is no girl in pink twirling ribbon.
There is no girl in white dancing.
There is no girl jumping into car.
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching.
There is no girl playing flute.
There is no girl playing piano.
There is no girl playing violin on beach.
There is no girl riding horse.
There is no girl wearing jeans and pink shirt and running.
There is no girl wearing t-shirt and keeping her mouth open.
There is no girl with black and orange patches on cheeks.
There is no girl with black bag on crowded train.
There is no group of people dancing.
There is no group of people standing together and looking at camera.
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down track.
There is no guinea pig eating carrot.
There is no guy leaping into air in wooded area.
There is no guy mowing lawn.
There is no hamster singing.
There is no hiker dancing on top of mountain.
There is no hockey player in yellow jersey guarding goal.
There is no horse tossing cowboy in red and blue pants.
There is no karate practitioner kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.
There is no kid in orange playing outside with snowball.
There is no kid playing guitar.
There is no kitten drinking milk.
There is no lady cutting up some meat.
There is no lady holding paintbrush next to artist's easel .
There is no lady mixing meat mixture in bowl.
There is no lady peeling potato.
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of crowd .
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on rocky surface.
There is no large dog running on grass with tennis ball in its mouth.
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in parade.
There is no lemur eating.
There is no lemur hanging on cord.
There is no light brown dog running up street.
There is no lion pacing tiredly in pen.
There is no lion walking.
There is no little black dog chasing little brown dog.
There is no little boy running on ground and playing with little girl.
There is no little boy wearing green soccer strip and running on grass.
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of brown chair onto floor.
There is no little girl peddling scooter.
There is no little girl playing grand piano on stage.
There is no little girl playing piano.
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on swing.
There is no little kid playing football and falling into grass.
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters.
There is no man being hit.
There is no man breaking slab of concrete with sledge hammer.
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand.
There is no man carrying woman.
There is no man chopping log with an axe.
There is no man cooking snake.
There is no man cutting an onion.
There is no man cutting boot with sword.
There is no man cutting box.
There is no man cutting fish.
There is no man cutting onions.
There is no man cutting paper plate.
There is no man cutting paper.
There is no man cutting pieces of butter into mixing bowl.
There is no man cutting potato.
There is no man cutting rope with sword.
There is no man cutting tomatoes.
There is no man dancing on road.
There is no man dancing upside-down on ceiling.
There is no man dancing.
There is no man diving off cliff.
There is no man doing back flips on trampoline.
There is no man doing card trick.
There is no man doing pull-ups.
There is no man drawing picture.
There is no man drawing.
There is no man dressed in black and riding green bike.
There is no man dressed in black wearing an elaborate black mask.
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on sunny day.
There is no man driving car.
There is no man dunking ball at basketball game.
There is no man eating banana.
There is no man eating bowl of cereal.
There is no man eating cereal.
There is no man eating food.
There is no man eating pizza.
There is no man eating some food.
There is no man exercising.
There is no man fishing in river.
There is no man fitting silencer to pistol.
There is no man fixing silencer to gun.
There is no man frying tortilla.
There is no man holding frog.
There is no man holding mask in his raised hand.
There is no man holding sign and seeking money.
There is no man in black jacket doing tricks on motorbike.
There is no man in grey t-shirt sitting on rock in front of waterfall.
There is no man in hat playing harp.
There is no man in pose being watched by another man.
There is no man in purple suit standing by purple case and playing guitar.
There is no man in red jacket standing next to yellow kayak on some rocks by ocean.
There is no man in red uniform making jump in dirt bike race.
There is no man in suit standing at microphone and singing.
There is no man is pushing buttons of microwave.
There is no man loading rifle with bullets.
There is no man making phone call.
There is no man massaging woman.
There is no man mixing vegetables in pot.
There is no man mixing.
There is no man mowing grass.
There is no man on bicycle riding on beach.
There is no man on bicycle riding on one wheel only.
There is no man on boat in front of sunset.
There is no man on rock high above some trees standing in strange position.
There is no man opening box with knife.
There is no man opening door.
There is no man patting an alligator on mouth.
There is no man peeling an onion.
There is no man performing trick on green bicycle.
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard.
There is no man playing bamboo flute.
There is no man playing drums.
There is no man playing flute.
There is no man playing game on grass.
There is no man playing guitar loudly.
There is no man playing guitar next to drummer.
There is no man playing guitar on stage.
There is no man playing guitar.
There is no man playing guitar.
There is no man playing harp.
There is no man playing keyboard.
There is no man playing piano with his nose.
There is no man playing piano.
There is no man playing soccer.
There is no man playing two keyboards.
There is no man playing violin.
There is no man playing with skull.
There is no man playing wooden flute.
There is no man pointing at car.
There is no man pouring cleaner into sink.
There is no man pouring liquid into pot.
There is no man pouring oil into pan.
There is no man pouring some oil on tomatoes.
There is no man praying.
There is no man putting some cheese on pizza.
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with knife.
There is no man reading an email.
There is no man reading email.
There is no man recklessly riding horse.
There is no man riding an electric bicycle.
There is no man riding horse.
There is no man riding mechanical bull.
There is no man riding motorcycle through town.
There is no man riding motorcycle.
There is no man riding water toy in water.
There is no man running down road.
There is no man running on road.
There is no man running, jumping and kicking near vending machine.
There is no man screaming.
There is no man screwing piece of wood to wall.
There is no man shaking container over sink in kitchen.
There is no man sharpening knife.
There is no man shooting guns.
There is no man shooting shotgun.
There is no man singing and playing guitar.
There is no man singing to woman.
There is no man sitting on chair and rubbing his eyes.
There is no man sitting on chair.
There is no man sitting on floor and playing guitar.
There is no man skiing down snowy hill.
There is no man slicing an onion.
There is no man slicing bun.
There is no man slicing potato into pieces.
There is no man slicing potato.
There is no man slicing potatoes.
There is no man slicing some bread.
There is no man slicing tomato.
There is no man speaking on podium.
There is no man speaking on stage.
There is no man speaking.
There is no man spitting.
There is no man spraying super soaker into mouth of dog.
There is no man sprinkling cheese on pizza.
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread.
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on pizza.
There is no man squatting in brush and taking photograph.
There is no man squirting water into mouth of white dog with squirt gun.
There is no man standing beside large and colorful birdcage.
There is no man standing in middle of gym and is wearing jersey.
There is no man standing near water and holding fishing poles.
There is no man standing next to bus.
There is no man standing on roof top and playing violin.
There is no man thinking.
There is no man tying shoe.
There is no man walking along path through wilderness.
There is no man walking in rain.
There is no man walking outside.
There is no man wearing black helmet and pushing bicycle.
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in busy area writing something.
There is no man wearing long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding unicycle down street.
There is no man wearing shirt dyed black, sitting at table and laughing.
There is no man wearing straw hat who is smoking cigarette.
There is no man wiping edge of bowl.
There is no man with camera studying subject.
There is no man with hard hat dancing.
There is no man working on laptop.
There is no man writing note near bike.
There is no milk being drunk by cat.
There is no monkey brushing dog.
There is no monkey kicking at gloved hand of person.
There is no monkey kicking person.
There is no monkey practicing martial arts.
There is no monkey pulling dog's tail.
There is no monkey riding bike.
There is no monkey teasing dog at zoo.
There is no monkey wading through marsh.
There is no motorcyclist on bike leaning into sharp corner.
There is no motorcyclist riding motorbike along roadway.
There is no one banging camera lens against nail.
There is no one climbing on grotto with pink interior.
There is no one cutting tomato.
There is no one on shore.
There is no one peeling banana.
There is no one playing guitar.
There is no one playing piano.
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books.
There is no one typing.
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo.
There is no panda climbing.
There is no paper being cut with scissors.
There is no parrot speaking.
There is no person boiling noodles.
There is no person buttering tray.
There is no person cutting an onion.
There is no person cutting some ginger.
There is no person cutting some mushrooms.
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of mountains.
There is no person kicking soccer ball between somebody's feet.
There is no person on bike jumping through air with sun flaring through bike frame.
There is no person peeling an onion.
There is no person peeling potato.
There is no person playing piano.
There is no person pouring olive oil into pot on stove.
There is no person riding bike along muddy trail.
There is no person riding bike.
There is no person riding jetski in waves.
There is no person riding motorbike in event related to motocross.
There is no person setting fire to cameras.
There is no person singing and playing guitar.
There is no person slicing an onion.
There is no person slicing carrot into pieces.
There is no person slicing potato.
There is no person standing in vast field of glacial ice.
There is no person throwing cat at ceiling.
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on snowboard.
There is no person wearing hat and sitting on grass.
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of horse saddle.
There is no person with blue backpack hiking in rocky area.
There is no person writing.
There is no pet dog standing on bank and looking at another brown dog in pond.
There is no policewoman singing at karaoke.
There is no puppy rolling.
There is no rabbit playing with toy rabbit.
There is no rhino grazing in field.
There is no rhino grazing on grass.
There is no rope being climbed by man.
There is no seabird flying over some rocks.
There is no seated woman singing song and playing guitar.
There is no small bee landing on bunch of yellow flowers.
There is no small boy in yellow shirt laughing on beach.
There is no small child in pink sweater climbing concrete staircase.
There is no small dog chasing large brown cow.
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating piece of carrot on floor.
There is no snowboarder doing flip over mound of snow.
There is no snowboarder grinding down long concrete rail.
There is no snowboarder jumping off snow.
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent.
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles.
There is no surfer leaning on surfboard.
There is no surfer riding wave.
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching tennis ball.
There is no tan skinned child looking at camera.
There is no team playing soccer.
There is no tennis player lunging to left.
There is no tiger cub making sound.
There is no topless woman covered in mud.
There is no toy train striking toy car.
There is no veteran showing things from war to some people.
There is no water being drunk by cat.
There is no white and brown dog pacing with through water difficulty.
There is no white car being driven by man.
There is no white cat perched on small wooden cabinet looking outside window.
There is no white dog standing on leaves on ground.
There is no white dog wearing Christmas reindeer headband and playing with brown dog in grass.
There is no white dog with beige spots running through field.
There is no white race car driving through puddle.
There is no window being cleaned by man.
There is no woman adding spices to some meat.
There is no woman beating two eggs in bowl and using whisk made of wire.
There is no woman being kissed by man.
There is no woman breaking eggs in bowl.
There is no woman chopping up an octopus.
There is no woman cleaning shrimp.
There is no woman coating pork chop.
There is no woman combing her hair.
There is no woman cooking breaded pork chop.
There is no woman cooking eggs.
There is no woman cooking fish.
There is no woman cracking an egg into bowl.
There is no woman cutting an onion.
There is no woman cutting broccoli.
There is no woman cutting onions.
There is no woman cutting potato.
There is no woman cutting potatoes.
There is no woman cutting vegetable.
There is no woman dancing and singing in rain.
There is no woman dancing in cage.
There is no woman dancing near fire.
There is no woman dancing.
There is no woman deep frying food.
There is no woman dipping shrimp in batter.
There is no woman driving car and talking to man seated beside her.
There is no woman exercising.
There is no woman firing rifle.
There is no woman frying something in pan.
There is no woman frying something.
There is no woman in purple top walking bicycle between two stone columns.
There is no woman in yellow shirt surfing on pink surfboard.
There is no woman mixing eggs.
There is no woman peeling potato.
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow.
There is no woman placing skewers onto rack.
There is no woman playing an electric guitar.
There is no woman playing flute.
There is no woman playing guitar.
There is no woman playing violin.
There is no woman playing with two young boys at park.
There is no woman pouring ingredients into bowl.
There is no woman preparing an egg in skillet.
There is no woman putting child in waste bin.
There is no woman putting meat in pan.
There is no woman putting on lipstick.
There is no woman putting on makeup.
There is no woman riding horse.
There is no woman riding on an elephant.
There is no woman riding water scooter.
There is no woman scrubbing zucchini with vegetable brush.
There is no woman slicing an eggplant.
There is no woman slicing an onion.
There is no woman slicing carrot.
There is no woman slicing clove of garlic.
There is no woman slicing fish.
There is no woman slicing green pepper.
There is no woman slicing meat with knife.
There is no woman slicing potato.
There is no woman slicing potatoes.
There is no woman slicing tofu.
There is no woman slicing tomato.
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her.
There is no woman squeezing juice out of lemon.
There is no woman standing near three children.
There is no woman stroking lemur.
There is no woman tapping her fingers.
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid.
There is no woman using sewing machine.
There is no woman wearing blue helmet and riding bicycle in parking lot.
There is no woman wearing blue shirt with white vest and white cap, talking and marching.
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands.
There is no woman with black hair standing in front of plywood wall.
There is no young Asian woman with pink gloves standing in snow.
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near wooden fence.
There is no young boy jumping in air with his knees bent and arms spread.
There is no young boy playing in park with his mother.
There is no young boy playing wind instrument.
There is no young boy riding dirt bike through mud.
There is no young boy singing and playing guitar.
There is no young child dressed for cold weather standing outside.
There is no young child running outside over fallen leaves.
There is no young child splashing in water.
There is no young child standing in front of some trees.
There is no young child wearing white coat and playing game.
There is no young girl in blue shirt walking on sidewalk and holding up pink sign.
There is no young girl in winter coat jumping off boulder into sand at beach.
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing red necklace, sweatshirt and earrings and smiling.
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda.
There is nobody jumping in air on board.
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers.
Three Asian kids are dancing and man is looking.
Three Asian kids are dancing and serious man is looking.
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking.
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along river.
Three boys are jumping in leaves.
Three boys are jumping off platform.
Three boys are resting on rocks along river.
Three boys are rocking walk along river.
Three boys are walking on rocks along river.
Three boys in karate costumes are fighting.
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting.
Three boys in karate uniform are sparring.
Three children are running down grassy hillside.
Three children are running down hill.
Three children are running down hillside covered by grass.
Three children are running up grassy hillside.
Three children are running up hill.
Three dogs are resting on couch.
Three dogs are resting on pavement.
Three dogs are resting on sidewalk.
Three dogs are sniffing at something.
Three enemies are making faces for camera.
Three friends are making faces for camera.
Three friends are making faces for photo.
Three hikers are sitting on mountainside and looking at view with pair of binoculars.
Three hikers are standing on mountainside and looking at view with pair of binoculars.
Three kids are jumping in leaves.
Three kids are running down hill.
Three kids are sitting in leaves.
Three men and woman are posing for picture.
Three men and woman are running away from picture.
Three men and woman are standing still for picture.
Three men are dancing.
Three men are jumping off tall wall.
Three men are jumping off wall.
Three men are jumping on wall.
Three men are looking absent mindedly into distance.
Three men are looking at something nearby.
Three men are looking into distance.
Three men are lying on hill and looking at mountains and sky.
Three men are not staring at big green hills in distance.
Three men are practicing karate in field.
Three men are practicing karate in gym.
Three men are practicing karate outdoors.
Three men are sitting on hill and looking at mountains and sky.
Three men are sitting on hill and looking at sea.
Three men are sitting on mountainside and looking at view with pair of binoculars.
Three men are sitting together near woven walls.
Three men are staring at big green hills in distance.
Three men are walking across rope and wood bridge over river.
Three people are driving ATVs.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in field.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in street.
Three people are driving four wheel vehicles in field.
Three people are sitting on bench under some palm trees.
Three people are standing by bench under some palm trees.
Three people are standing next to tree limb.
Three people are walking across rope and steel bridge over river.
Three people are walking across rope and wood bridge over river.
Three small cats is sniffing at something.
Three small dogs are sniffing at something.
Three teenage girls are dancing in room.
Three teenage girls are idling in room.
Three women are dancing.
Three women are resting in village.
Three women are running in village.
Three women are sitting in village.
Three women are sitting together near woven walls.
Three women are standing still.
Three young girls are dancing in room.
Three young men are furiously running, jumping and kicking near vending machine.
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near vending machine.
Tiles are being broken with his hands by man.
Tofu is being sliced by woman.
Tofu isn't being sliced by woman.
Two adults are not standing on scooter in field of yellow flowers.
Two adults are sitting in chairs and are watching ocean.
Two adults are standing on scooter in field of flowers.
Two adults are standing on scooter in field of yellow flowers.
Two angels are making snow on lying children.
Two animals are in kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another.
Two animals are playing outside.
Two animals are running through high grass.
Two animals are running through park.
Two baby pandas are playing.
Two baby pandas are sleeping.
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids.
Two basketball players are scrambling for ball on court.
Two bikes are being ridden by two people.
Two black puppies are playing near pool.
Two blokes are sitting around table and holding beers in their hands.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of body of water.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of water.
Two boy are playing on trampoline.
Two boys and man are playing games at an arcade.
Two boys are doing martial arts on blue mat.
Two boys are doing martial arts on green mat.
Two boys are laying in ocean close to beach.
Two boys are laying in ocean far to beach.
Two boys are laying in water close to beach.
Two boys are not talking on phone.
Two boys are playing video game.
Two boys are studying.
Two boys are talking on phone.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at rope on wooden platform.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at rope on wooden platform.
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on mat.
Two boys on couch are playing games on TV.
Two boys on couch are playing video games.
Two boys on couch are reading book.
Two boys, who look small, dressed in tuxedos are sitting on red carpeted floor.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on grassy area behind tree.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on grassy area in front of plant.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on grassy area in front of tree.
Two brown dogs are fighting over red ball and are playing in grass.
Two brown dogs are fighting over red toy and are playing in grass.
Two brown dogs are leaving frisbee in water.
Two brown dogs are playing with frisbee in water.
Two cars are racing down track.
Two cars for racing are on road in front of grassy parking area.
Two cats are fighting each other.
Two cats are in kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another.
Two cats are looking at something that is splashing in water.
Two cats are lying together.
Two cats are playfully fighting each other.
Two cats are playing with red ball.
Two cats on lawn are playing with plastic toy.
Two children and an adult are not standing next to tree limb.
Two children and an adult are standing next to tree limb.
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls.
Two children are climbing tree.
Two children are crouching under some bars made of metal.
Two children are crouching under some metal bars.
Two children are hanging on large branch.
Two children are leaning on rusty ledge.
Two children are lying in snow and are drawing angels.
Two children are lying in snow and are making snow angels.
Two children are not playing in surf.
Two children are not playing soccer in park.
Two children are peering over ledge, which is rusty.
Two children are peering over rusty ledge.
Two children are playing in surf.
Two children are playing on statue.
Two children are playing soccer in park.
Two children are playing with ball in park.
Two children are playing.
Two children are rolling in clean water.
Two children are rolling in dirty water.
Two children are rolling in muddy water.
Two children are stretching over some metal bars.
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sitting on mat.
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on mat.
Two children, who are small, are playing with toy car in street.
Two construction workers are sitting up on side of building.
Two construction workers are sitting up on side of palace.
Two construction workers are sitting up on top of building.
Two cows are fighting in pasture by man.
Two crocodiles are floating in green colored swimming pool near some playing kids.
Two cubs are playing.
Two daschunds are playing with red ball.
Two dogs and two people are sitting in woods.
Two dogs and two people are walking in wood.
Two dogs and two people are walking in woods.
Two dogs are battling for frisbee in lake.
Two dogs are being petted by man.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on beach.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on grass.
Two dogs are fighting for frisbee in lake.
Two dogs are fighting.
Two dogs are frolicking in snow.
Two dogs are in kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another.
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks.
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks.
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in water.
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in water.
Two dogs are looking up at kitchen countertop.
Two dogs are playing by plant.
Two dogs are playing by tree.
Two dogs are playing in forest.
Two dogs are playing in snow.
Two dogs are playing inside.
Two dogs are playing on beach made of rocks.
Two dogs are playing on beach.
Two dogs are playing on rocky beach.
Two dogs are playing on sandy beach.
Two dogs are playing outside.
Two dogs are playing together on grass.
Two dogs are playing with each other.
Two dogs are playing with small red ball.
Two dogs are resting on beach.
Two dogs are resting together in grass.
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths.
Two dogs are running and carrying toy in their mouths.
Two dogs are running and catching tennis ball.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch ball.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch soccer ball.
Two dogs are running quickly through park.
Two dogs are running through beach.
Two dogs are running through high grass.
Two dogs are running through park.
Two dogs are running through water.
Two dogs are sleeping by tree.
Two dogs are walking slowly through park.
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across street.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across street.
Two dogs on grass are playing with plastic toy.
Two dogs on lawn are playing with plastic toy.
Two football players are scrambling for ball on court.
Two frightened boys are talking on phone.
Two girl with dogs are walking on forest path.
Two girls are happily playing inside jumper house.
Two girls are jumping inside playing house.
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them.
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them.
Two girls are lying on ground.
Two girls are not playing inside jumper house.
Two girls are playing guitar.
Two girls are playing inside jumper house.
Two girls are sitting on ground.
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at rope on wooden platform.
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event.
Two groups of people are playing football.
Two guys are sitting around table and holding beers in their hands.
Two guys are standing by table and putting some beers down on it.
Two kids and man are playing games at an arcade.
Two kids and woman are playing games at an arcade.
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls.
Two kids are doing martial arts on blue mat.
Two kids are looking up at camera and one is sticking out his tongue.
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues.
Two kids are playing in swimming pool with crocodile float that is green.
Two kids are playing in swimming pool with green colored crocodile float.
Two kids are pulling an inflatable crocodile out of pool.
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in pool.
Two kids are pushing past crocodile in an inflatable pool.
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls.
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues.
Two kids are taking out green colored crocodile float from swimming pool.
Two large dogs are frolicking in field.
Two large dogs are frolicking in grassy field.
Two large dogs are frolicking in parking lot.
Two large dogs, light colored one and dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain.
Two large dogs, light colored one and dark one, are running through snowy terrain.
Two large dogs, light colored one and dark one, are sleeping on snowy terrain.
Two large park benches have person sitting and bottle of soda between them.
Two large persons are sitting on park bench and they have bottle of soda between them.
Two large persons are standing near park bench and they have nothing between them.
Two little boys are not wearing tuxedos.
Two little boys are playing outside with soccer ball on green grass.
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos.
Two little kids are wearing tuxedos.
Two males are standing on cliff edge and no one is jumping into water.
Two males are standing on cliff edge and one is jumping into sea.
Two males are standing on cliff edge and one is jumping into water.
Two men and girl in behind of wood panel wall are posing with funny faces.
Two men and girl in front of wood panel wall are making funny faces.
Two men and girl in front of wood panel wall are posing with funny faces.
Two men are battling.
Two men are boxing.
Two men are breaking into car during trip on snowy road.
Two men are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near building.
Two men are competing in tire rolling race.
Two men are dancing and singing in front of crowd.
Two men are doing funny skit with boxer in front of crowd of people.
Two men are doing skit, which is very funny, with boxer in front of crowd of people.
Two men are driving down road in an open-air vehicle.
Two men are fighting in cattle pen.
Two men are fighting in cow pasture.
Two men are fighting in pasture for cows.
Two men are fighting in pen for cattle.
Two men are fighting.
Two men are fist fighting in ring.
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on shore.
Two men are holding bikes and standing on side of road covered of snow.
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle.
Two men are holding fishing poles.
Two men are holding some water standing near fishing poles.
Two men are hugging.
Two men are leaving stage.
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them.
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars.
Two men are looking out and one is holding spyglass.
Two men are not fighting.
Two men are not holding fishing poles.
Two men are not taking break from construction.
Two men are outside cattle pen.
Two men are playing guitar.
Two men are playing ping pong.
Two men are playing table football.
Two men are playing table tennis.
Two men are racing in tire rolling competition.
Two men are rafting near rider in orange on shore.
Two men are riding an orange raft on beach.
Two men are riding an orange raft on shore.
Two men are seated on camel and another camel is in foreground.
Two men are standing in deep water.
Two men are standing in ocean.
Two men are standing near water and are holding fishing poles.
Two men are standing near water and are holding tools used for fishing.
Two men are standing together and one is looking in distance.
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars.
Two men are swimming in deep water.
Two men are taking break from construction.
Two men are taking break from trip on road covered by snow.
Two men are taking break from trip on snowy road.
Two men are taking break from work.
Two men are talking.
Two men are walking on snowy road.
Two men are walking through grass.
Two men are walking through river.
Two men are walking through water.
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in snow.
Two men dressed in white and black are sitting on bench.
Two men in race are flipping tires of tractor.
Two men with bikes are on side of snowy road.
Two men with cars are on side of snowy road.
Two men with dog are boring crowd of people.
Two men with dogs are walking on forest path.
Two men, woman, and two young boys are sitting in front of large gathering of people outside building.
Two men, woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of large gathering of people outside building.
Two men, woman, and two young boys are standing in front of large gathering of people outside building.
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home.
Two panda bears are lying together.
Two pandas are lying together.
Two pandas are not lying together.
Two people are arguing near crowd.
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near building.
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near building.
Two people are driving boat and lady is sitting on top of it.
Two people are driving jeep and girl is sitting on top of it.
Two people are driving jeep and lady is sitting on top of it.
Two people are driving motorcycle.
Two people are fighting and spectators are watching.
Two people are fist fighting in ring.
Two people are ignoring nearby gold statue.
Two people are in snow holding two dogs with golden coats.
Two people are in snow not wearing clothes, which provides camouflage. .
Two people are in snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching.
Two people are kissing near crowd.
Two people are looking at gold statue.
Two people are looking at statue made of gold.
Two people are not riding motorbikes.
Two people are passionately kissing near crowd.
Two people are playing ping pong.
Two people are riding bike.
Two people are riding motorbikes.
Two people are riding motorcycle.
Two people are seated near camel and another camel is in foreground.
Two people are seated on camel and another camel is in foreground.
Two people are sitting comfortably on bench.
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books.
Two people are sitting on bench.
Two people are sitting on park bench on hot day.
Two people are sitting on park bench on rainy day.
Two people are sitting on park bench on sunny day.
Two people are sitting on white bench.
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets.
Two people are standing in ocean and looking at sunset.
Two people are standing in ocean and watching sunset.
Two people are standing on bench.
Two people are stopping on motorcycle.
Two people are talking.
Two people are wading through water.
Two people are walking near water.
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in snow.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside near street.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on seashore.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on sidewalk.
Two people in race are flipping tires of tractor.
Two people in snowsuits are lying in snow and making snow angels.
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly.
Two people in two chairs are reading.
Two people in two chairs are talking.
Two people wearing helmets are driving over yellow and white flowers.
Two people wearing helmets are not riding over yellow and white flowers.
Two people wearing helmets are riding over yellow and white flowers.
Two people wearing snowsuits are on ground making snow angels.
Two persons are driving down street in jeep.
Two persons are shaking hands.
Two persons of large size are sitting on park bench and they have bottle of soda between them.
Two poodles are in snow and one is jumping high.
Two poodles are in snow and one is jumping.
Two poodles are in snow and one is lying down.
Two race cars are on road in front of grassy parking area.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on red carpeted floor.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on red carpeted floor.
Two small children are idling in street.
Two small children are playing with toy car in street.
Two spectators are kickboxing and some people are watching.
Two sumo ringers are fighting.
Two sumo ringers are not fighting.
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting.
Two tall basketball players are scrambling for ball on court.
Two teammates are lifting football player in red and white uniform.
Two teams are competing in baseball game.
Two teams are competing in football match.
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer.
Two teams are playing soccer.
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event.
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in wagon, which is really small.
Two toddlers are eating on really small wagon full of corndogs .
Two toddlers are sleeping in wagon, which is really small.
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks.
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards.
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks.
Two white cats are playing with brown dog and ball.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing ball.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing toy.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing ball.
Two white dogs are not running together.
Two white dogs are playing with brown dog and ball.
Two white dogs are playing with brown dog and tennis ball.
Two white dogs are quickly running together.
Two white dogs are running and jumping along beach.
Two white dogs are running together.
Two white puppies are playing near pool.
Two white puppies are playing near water.
Two women are competing in tire rolling race.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of crowd.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people.
Two women are dancing.
Two women are happily dancing.
Two women are naked and are standing on sand.
Two women are not dancing.
Two women are sparring in kickboxing match.
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars.
Two women are talking.
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on sand.
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on sand.
Two women are wearing bikinis on beach which is sandy.
Two women are wearing bikinis on sandy beach.
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on bench.
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on bench.
Two women with black hair are standing in front of plywood wall.
Two women with black hair are standing steadily in front of plywood wall.
Two women with dogs are walking on forest path.
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at screen.
Two young boys are looking up at camera and one is sticking out his tongue.
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out.
Two young children are eating corndogs.
Two young girl are looking up at camera and one is sticking out his tongue.
Two young girls are sitting on ground.
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out.
Two young kids are eating corndogs.
Two young kids are fasting.
Two young kids are playing with man eating corndogs.
Two young kids are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out.
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near golden statue.
Two young men are playing outside near golden statue.
Two young men are sitting outside near golden statue.
Two young women are not sparring in kickboxing fight.
Two young women are sparring in kickboxing fight.
Two young women with folded arms are looking at screen.
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from screen.
Various customers are eating in crowded restaurant with purple lights.
Various people are eating at red tables in crowded restaurant with purple lights.
Vegetables are being mixed in pot by man.
Vegetables are being put into pot by man.
Vegetables are being sliced by man.
Video games of two playing boys are on couch.
water from faucet is being drunk by yellow dog.
Water is being drunk by soccer player sitting on field.
Water is being squirted by man into mouth of white dog with squirt gun.
Weights are being lifted by man.
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in distance.
Women are sawing logs.
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are curiously pointing at something in distance.
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in distance.
Young men are dancing in front of some people