water from the faucet is being drunk by a yellow dog.
A Seadoo is being ridden by a woman.
An animal is grazing in a field.
A baby and an adult are being followed by a rhino.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree.
A baby elephant is not eating a small tree.
A baby is cheerfully playing with a dog.
A baby is cheering another baby.
A baby is crawling happily.
A baby is crying.
A baby is laughing.
A baby is licking a dog.
A baby is not crawling happily.
A baby is not playing a guitar.
A baby is not playing with a doll.
A baby is playing a guitar.
A baby is playing with a dog .
A baby is playing with a doll.
A baby is playing with a toy.
A baby is sitting.
A baby is sneezing and frightening another baby.
A baby is sneezing and scaring another baby.
A baby is splashing inside a blue paddling pool.
A baby is talking.
A baby is toddling happily.
A baby rhino and its mother are standing in a pen.
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino.
A baby rhino is shunning an adult rhino.
A baby rhino is walking around a pen with its mother.
A baby tiger is playing with a ball.
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth.
A badger, which is shrewd, is digging the earth.
A bald man in a band is playing an instrument in the spotlight.
A bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight.
A bald person is playing a guitar.
A ball is being caught by a dog in mid air.
A ball is being chased by a dog on the grass.
A ball is being chased by a yellow dog.
A ball made of wood is being played through a door in front of a large group of boys .
A ball, which is green and big, is knocking a potato.
A banana is being eaten by a man.
A banana is being peeled by a person.
A band is not performing on a stage.
A band is not playing some instruments.
A band is performing on a stage.
A band is performing onstage.
A band is playing on a stage.
A band is playing onstage.
A band is playing some instruments.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is standing on the tennis court.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the sky and is walking on the tennis court.
A barefoot man in pajamas is looking toward the stars and is walking on the tennis court.
A baseball is being held in its mouth by a black and white dog.
A basketball player is on the court floor and another one is grabbing the ball.
A basketball player is on the court floor and the ball is being grabbed by another one.
A bearded man is sitting by a shopping cart and is dropping a cardboard sign.
A bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign.
A bee is clinging to a yellow flower.
A bee is taking off from a yellow flower.
A bicycle is being ridden by a man.
A bicycle is being ridden by the little boy in a race.
A bicyclist is holding a bike over his head in a group of people.
A bicyclist is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a clean wall.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over a heavily graphitized wall.
A bicyclist is performing a trick over wall full of graffiti.
A big black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming.
A big black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a cloth on the street.
A big brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street.
A big brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface.
A big cat is opening a drawer made of plastic with its paws and is jumping inside.
A big cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and is jumping inside.
A big city is begging for men and money holders.
A big dog and a small dog with a white coat are playing together.
A big dog and a small white dog are playing together.
A big dog and a small white dog are walking past each other.
A big dog is running on the ground.
A big fish is catching a man.
A big green ball is knocking a potato.
A big green ball is missing a potato.
A big group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch.
A big potato is knocking a green ball.
A big wave is being ridden by a surfer across dark green water.
A big white dog is running across a lawn.
A bike is being held over his head by a bicyclist in a group of people.
A bike is being ridden by a person.
A bike is being ridden by a woman wearing paint and costume pieces on a busy street.
A bike is being ridden over a monkey.
A bike is ridden on the road by a young boy in a helmet .
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is jumping down off a dirt bike.
A bike rider in a black and red uniform is standing on a dirt bike.
A biker is jumping in the air, alone.
A biker is naked.
A biker is riding along the top of a fence.
A biker is riding away from a fence.
A biker is wearing gear which is black.
A biker on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up.
A biker wearing black is breaking the gears.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving on dirt and people are watching.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is driving recklessly on dirt and people watch.
A biker with a blue jacket, black pants and a white helmet is parking on dirt and people are not watching.
A bird is fiercely flapping its wings on the water.
A bird is flapping its wings on the water.
A bird is resting its wings in the water.
A bird, which is black, is sitting on a dead tree.
A black and a white dog are joyfully running on the grass.
A black and brown cat is eyeing a fly.
A black and brown dog is eyeing a fly.
A black and brown dog is eyeing an insect.
A black and orange bird is not standing in the grass.
A black and orange bird is standing in the grass.
A black and orange bird is standing on the lawn.
A black and tan dog is running through the low and green grass.
A black and white dog is carrying a big stick on the green grass.
A black and white dog is carrying a huge stick on the green grass.
A black and white dog is carrying a small stick on the green grass.
A black and white dog is dropping a baseball from its mouth.
A black and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth.
A black and white dog is jumping for a ball.
A black and white dog is playing with a broken ball.
A black and white dog is playing with a broken volleyball.
A black and white dog is playing with a frisbee in a brown field.
A black and white dog is playing with a new volleyball.
A black and white dog is playing with a ruined volleyball in a brown field.
A black and white dog is playing with a tattered volleyball in a brown field.
A black and white dog is running outdoors.
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the field.
A black and white dog with a large branch is running in the grass.
A black and white dog with a large branch is standing in the field.
A black animal is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach.
A black animal is jumping from a dock into the water.
A black bike rider in a red bike uniform is standing in the dirt.
A black bird is sitting on a dead tree.
A black bird is taking flight from a dead tree.
A black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass.
A black cat and a small white and black cat are looking up at a kitchen countertop.
A black cat is jumping from a hay ball to another hay ball.
A black cat is swinging on a fan.
A black cat is walking along rocky terrain.
A black climber is rocking a dog.
A black dog and a small white and black dog are looking up at a kitchen countertop.
A black dog and a tan dog are fighting.
A black dog and a tan dog are sleeping.
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the bed.
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the floor.
A black dog and a white dog are wrestling on the ground.
A black dog and a yellow dog are not playing with each other.
A black dog and a yellow dog are playing with each other.
A black dog in the snow is jumping off the ground and catching a stick.
A black dog in the snow is jumping onto the ground and missing a stick.
A black dog in the snow is leaping off the ground and catching a stick.
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach.
A black dog is attacking a brown dog on the sand.
A black dog is hanging out in the grass and running with its tongue out.
A black dog is jumping from a cylindrical hay bale.
A black dog is jumping from a dock into the water.
A black dog is jumping from n hay ball to another hay ball.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into a pond.
A black dog is jumping off a dock into water.
A black dog is jumping on a dock into a pond.
A black dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale.
A black dog is leaping from a hay ball to another hay ball.
A black dog is lying in the grass.
A black dog is moving along rocky terrain.
A black dog is playing with a brown dog on the sand.
A black dog is running across a rocky landscape.
A black dog is running in the grass.
A black dog is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out.
A black dog is running in the snow.
A black dog is sitting in the grass and keeping its mouth closed.
A black dog is standing in deep water.
A black dog is standing in shallow water.
A black dog is standing on a grassy hillside.
A black dog is walking along rocky terrain.
A black dog is walking through some tall grass.
A black dog on a leash is walking in the water.
A black dog with a red collar is amusedly putting its face in the water.
A black dog with a red collar is putting its face in the water.
A black girl with no bikini is wearing a hat at the beach.
A black helmet is being worn by a man who is pushing a bicycle.
A black man in green is riding a bike.
A black man is break dancing on the pavement.
A black man is running in brown grass and racing a dog.
A black man is skillfully break dancing on the pavement.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
A black man is walking next to a shop in a big city.
A black man is walking on the pavement.
A black person in white is joyfully running with the dog on the grass.
A black person is running along a white stand and a dog barks behind him.
A black rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track.
A black sheep is standing close to three white dogs.
A black sheep is standing far from three white dogs.
A black sheep is standing near three white dogs.
A black shirt is being worn by a man who is sitting at the table and laughing.
A black topless person is packing a pile of rocks and a front of clouds are in the background.
A black, red, white and pink dress is being worn by a woman.
A blond boy is sliding down a dune of sand on a skateboard.
A blond boy is sliding down a sand dune on a skateboard.
A blond boy is walking up a sand dune with a skateboard.
A blond child is going down a slide and throwing up his arms.
A blond child is holding a yellow bottle.
A blond girl is looking at the waves.
A blond girl is riding the waves.
A blond girl waves while she is riding.
A blond kid in green is sitting on a swing.
A blond kid is going down a slide and throwing up his arms.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside.
A blond woman is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are outside.
A blonde boy in green is sitting on a swing.
A blonde boy in green is standing on a swing.
A blonde girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes.
A blonde in green is sitting by a swinging boy.
A blonde lady is looking at a tower.
A blonde man is hanging by gymnastic ropes.
A blonds girl is surfing.
A blue ball is being caught by the dog.
A boat is anchored.
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water.
A boat is sailing quietly over the water.
A boat's sail is being reflected by the peaceful water.
A bottle is being licked by the cat.
A bowl of soup is being cleaned by a chef.
A box is being cut by a man.
A boy and a girl are naked.
A boy and a girl are playing on the outdoor gym.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing arm floats.
A boy and a girl in swimsuits are wearing floats for their arms.
A boy at the bottom of a hill covered in snow is naked and is sitting on his knees.
A boy has a blue face and dirt on the shirt.
A boy in a band is playing the flute.
A boy in a blue dyed shirt has dirt on his face.
A boy in a blue shirt has dirt on his face.
A boy in a red shirt is behind a long blue wall and is lowering an eyebrow, facing the camera.
A boy in a red shirt is in front a wall, which is long and blue, and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.
A boy in a red shirt is in front of a long blue wall and is suspiciously raising an eyebrow at the camera.
A boy in a strange outfit is riding the bike.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping behind a water fountain.
A boy in a striped shirt is jumping in front of a water fountain.
A boy in a striped shirt is playing in front of a water fountain.
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on a circular fountain.
A boy in a swimsuit is sitting on top of a circular fountain.
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water.
A boy in blue are sliding down a green slide.
A boy in blue is running away from a woman in blue.
A boy in blue is running towards a woman in blue.
A boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near a stack of blocks on table.
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with a webcam.
A boy in his teens is talking to a girl with an internet camera.
A boy in his teens isn't talking to a girl with a webcam.
A boy is attentively looking at a calendar.
A boy is being knocked into the water by the dog.
A boy is checking a calendar.
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope.
A boy is comfortably sitting in a room and playing a piano by a lamp.
A boy is coming down a wall artificially built for climbing and isn't attached to the rope.
A boy is cutting grass with scissors.
A boy is eating a cupcake.
A boy is effortlessly climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope.
A boy is fearfully walking across a bridge.
A boy is filling a pitcher with water.
A boy is hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish .
A boy is hanging a rod for fishing and running in front of a fish.
A boy is happily playing the piano.
A boy is hitting a baseball.
A boy is holding a hose next to a man and another boy is watching.
A boy is holding a squirt gun.
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and staring at him.
A boy is jumping off a platform and two other boys are standing and watching.
A boy is jumping off the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building.
A boy is jumping off the side of a water fountain made of stone in front of a building.
A boy is jumping on a platform and two other boys are sitting absentmindedly.
A boy is jumping on the side of a stone water fountain in front of a building.
A boy is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
A boy is knocking a dog with a bottle of water.
A boy is laying down a hose next to a man and another boy is running away.
A boy is looking at a calendar.
A boy is looking down and wearing a wedding veil.
A boy is mowing the lawn.
A boy is not playing a guitar.
A boy is playing a game with blocks made of wood.
A boy is playing a game with steel blocks.
A boy is playing a game with wooden blocks.
A boy is playing a guitar.
A boy is playing a keyboard.
A boy is playing a piano.
A boy is playing a wind instrument.
A boy is playing an instrument.
A boy is playing guitar.
A boy is playing on a toy.
A boy is playing on a toy phone.
A boy is playing slip and slide in the grass.
A boy is practicing the keyboard.
A boy is running away from the fishing line.
A boy is running on the beach.
A boy is running through the grass.
A boy is running through the sand.
A boy is running through the sea at the beach.
A boy is running through the water at the beach.
A boy is running towards the fishing line.
A boy is saying a word.
A boy is saying something.
A boy is shredding a calendar.
A boy is sitting in a room and playing a piano by lamp light.
A boy is sitting in a seat.
A boy is sitting on the ground.
A boy is skateboarding on a half pipe.
A boy is skillfully playing a piano.
A boy is spanking a man with a plastic sword.
A boy is spanking a man with a toy weapon.
A boy is spanking a woman with a plastic sword.
A boy is speeding down a steep slide.
A boy is standing in a room by a lamp light.
A boy is standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people.
A boy is standing in front of the building painted blue, in the space reserved for handicapped people.
A boy is standing in the cold water.
A boy is standing in the water.
A boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain.
A boy is standing outside the water.
A boy is staring at a calendar.
A boy is studying a calendar.
A boy is styling his hair.
A boy is surfing and riding a wave.
A boy is talking to a leaf.
A boy is tapping his fingernails.
A boy is throwing away a calendar.
A boy is walking across a bridge.
A boy is waving at some young runners from the ocean.
A boy is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross.
A boy is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is running on the beach.
A boy is wearing a white hat and is walking on the beach.
A boy is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock.
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up slide.
A boy is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide.
A boy is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie.
A boy is wearing sunglasses.
A boy is whacking a man with a sword.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding an object.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is holding something.
A boy next to some buckets of rags is not holding an object.
A boy of young age is playing in the park with his mother.
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees.
A boy on a red and black slide is wearing a jacket and a hat and has knees which are covered in snow.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a blue coat.
A boy under an umbrella is being held by his father who is wearing a coat dyed in blue.
A boy under an umbrella is being let go by his father who is wearing a blue coat.
A boy wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill.
A boy wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool.
A boy, who is little, is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face.
A boy, who is wearing a blue coat, is being held by his father under an umbrella .
A boy, who is young, is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread.
A boy, who is young, is playing a wind instrument.
A boy, who looks young and is wearing a red swimsuit, is jumping into a blue kiddies pool.
A bride in a white dress is running.
A bride with a black veil is looking down.
A bride with a white dress is looking down.
A bride with a white veil is looking down.
A brown and black dog is looking upwards.
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose downwards.
A brown and black dog is pointing the nose upwards.
A brown and black dog is resting in the leaves.
A brown and black dog is running through the leaves.
A brown and white animal is jumping on the sidewalk.
A brown and white cat is jumping on the sidewalk.
A brown and white cat is playing on the grass.
A brown and white cat with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast.
A brown and white coat is floating across shallow water near a trotting dog.
A brown and white dog is biting a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field.
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty golf ball in a dirt field.
A brown and white dog is catching a dirty tennis ball in a dirt field.
A brown and white dog is holding a baseball in its mouth.
A brown and white dog is jumping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A brown and white dog is jumping on the sidewalk.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white barrier.
A brown and white dog is jumping over a red, yellow and white hurdle.
A brown and white dog is leaping in the air with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A brown and white dog is moving through the wild grass.
A brown and white dog is not running through the river.
A brown and white dog is passing under a red, yellow and white hurdle.
A brown and white dog is playing on the grass.
A brown and white dog is playing on the lawn.
A brown and white dog is putting the baseball in its mouth down.
A brown and white dog is resting in the grass.
A brown and white dog is resting on the ground with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A brown and white dog is running through the river.
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass.
A brown and white dog is running through the water.
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is quickly running .
A brown and white dog with a brown and black bandanna is running very fast.
A brown dog and a black dog are far from the grass.
A brown dog and a black dog are frolicking in the sand.
A brown dog and a black dog are in the grass.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing in the sand.
A brown dog and a gray dog are playing in the snow.
A brown dog and a grey dog are fighting in the snow.
A brown dog and a red dog are frolicking on the beach.
A brown dog and a red dog are sitting sadly on the beach.
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the man in pants.
A brown dog is attacking another animal in front of the tall man in pants.
A brown dog is calmly standing in the water.
A brown dog is carrying a colored toy in the grass.
A brown dog is dropping a colored toy from its mouth.
A brown dog is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground.
A brown dog is helping another animal in front of the man in pants.
A brown dog is jumping in the air.
A brown dog is jumping in the water.
A brown dog is looking closely at a brown and white dog.
A brown dog is running across the yard with a toy in its mouth.
A brown dog is running after a black dog on a rocky shore.
A brown dog is running after a dark dog on a rocky shore.
A brown dog is running after a white dog on a rocky shore.
A brown dog is running breathlessly across the yard with a toy in its mouth.
A brown dog is running in the snow.
A brown dog is running through a snowy path.
A brown dog is running through a snowy trail.
A brown dog is running through tall green grass.
A brown dog is running through the grass which is tall and green.
A brown dog is sitting down.
A brown dog is standing in a lake.
A brown dog is standing in the water.
A brown dog is staring attentively at a brown and white dog.
A brown duck with a green head is flapping its wings in the water.
A brown puppy is biting a pole.
A brown puppy is biting a stick.
A brown puppy is gnawing a metallic post that is stuck in the ground.
A brown puppy is gnawing a wooden post that is stuck into the ground.
A bubble blew, dyeing the girl's shirt red..
A bull dog is being brushed by the monkey.
A bull dog is brushing the monkey.
A bunch of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood.
A bunch of guys is on the shore.
A bunch of people is on the shore.
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny.
A camera is being hammered onto the nail by the man.
A camera is being held in front of the face of a child.
A can is being bitten by a dog.
A capsicum is being cut into pieces by a person.
A car and a train are striking a toy.
A car is being driven by a man.
A car is riskily jumping over a girl.
A cardboard box is being touched by a man in a black hat.
A carrot is being sliced by a woman.
A carrot is being sliced into pieces by a person.
A cartoon airplane is landing.
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture.
A cat is eagerly eating corn on the cob.
A cat is eating corn on the cob.
A cat is eating some corn.
A cat is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background.
A cat is jumping high into the air in the country.
A cat is jumping into a box.
A cat is jumping into a container.
A cat is looking at a store counter.
A cat is not crawling under a piece of furniture.
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside.
A cat is opening a drawer and jumping inside.
A cat is playing a keyboard.
A cat is playing a piano.
A cat is playing a piano funnily.
A cat is playing keyboards.
A cat is playing on a moving ceiling fan.
A cat is playing with a big bottle.
A cat is playing with a device.
A cat is playing with a small bottle.
A cat is playing with a watermelon.
A cat is sitting on a piano.
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch.
A cat is sliding upside down under a sofa.
A cat is stuck on a ceiling fan that is moving.
A cat is stuck on a moving ceiling fan.
A cat is swimming after a tennis ball.
A cat is swinging on a fan.
A cat is thrown at the ceiling by a person.
A cat is walking away from some corn.
A cat is walking on a hardwood floor.
A cat is walking on the parquet.
A cat song is being played on a piano.
A cat with a white coat, perched on a small wooden cabinet, is looking outside the window.
A cheetah is breathlessly chasing its prey across a field.
A cheetah is chasing its prey across a field.
A cheetah is quickly running behind its prey..
A cheetah is shaken off by its prey across a field..
A chef is cleaning a bowl of soup.
A chef is cooking a meal.
A chef is discarding some food.
A chef is getting a bowl of soup dirty.
A chef is preparing a meal.
A chef is preparing some food.
A child in a green and white sports uniform is resting on the grass.
A child in a green and white sports uniform is running over the grass.
A child in a green and white uniform for sports is running over the grass.
A child in a red outfit is dangerously jumping on a trampoline.
A child in a red outfit is jumping on a trampoline.
A child in clothing which is light colored is standing with his arms extended outward.
A child in light colored clothing is lying with his arms crossed.
A child in light colored clothing is standing with his arms extended outward.
A child in orange is playing outdoors with a snowball.
A child is amazedly experiencing a new world.
A child is experiencing a new world.
A child is falling asleep.
A child is hitting a baseball.
A child is holding a camera in front of his face.
A child is holding a squirt gun.
A child is indoors watching a program about some young climbers on a rock wall..
A child is looking seriously at the camera and getting out of a pool.
A child is making a snow ball.
A child is missing a baseball.
A child is not playing slip and slide in the grass.
A child is not wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled behind a child in a green and black coat.
A child is playfully swimming underwater in a pool.
A child is playing slip and slide in the grass.
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching.
A child is running in and out of the ocean waves.
A child is running in and out of the waves of the ocean.
A child is sitting in a red and yellow toy car.
A child is sitting in a toy car colored in red and yellow.
A child is slowly waking up.
A child is smashing a snow ball.
A child is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and no other children are playing in the background.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other children are playing in the background.
A child is splashing in a pool for children and other kids are playing in the background.
A child is staring at the ocean waves.
A child is swimming on the water's surface in a pool.
A child is swimming underwater in a pool.
A child is talking.
A child is waking up.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is not pulling up.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is pulling up.
A child is walking down the street and a jeep is stopping.
A child is watching someone playing outdoors and is spouting water over the rest of his family .
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled behind a child in a green and black coat.
A child is wearing a coat and is carrying a red sled near a child in a green and black coat.
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping down from a rock.
A child is wearing a yellow jacket and is jumping on a rock.
A child with a gun that sprays water is laughing and getting hit by other boys.
A child with dark hair is going down a slide and throwing up his arms.
A child, who has blond hair, is holding a yellow bottle.
A child, who is small, is outdoors climbing steps outdoors in an area full of grass.
A child, who is young, dressed for cold weather, is standing outside.
A child, who is young, is riding a bike on a rough dirt path.
A child, who is young, is wearing a white coat and playing a game.
A child, who looks young, is standing in front of some trees.
A chimp is angrily kicking a target.
A chimp is missing the target.
A chimp is practicing martial arts.
A chubby faced boy is not wearing sunglasses.
A chubby faced boy is wearing dark glasses.
A chubby faced boy is wearing sunglasses.
A cigarette is being smoked by the man in the straw hat.
A classroom full of students is looking attentively in the same direction inside a bamboo structure.
A classroom full of students is looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure.
A classroom is empty.
A classroom is full of students.
A climber is parking with the children by a small statue.
A climber on the wall is attached to the climbing boy with an artificially built rope.
A climbing boy rescues the fearful cat from over the wall.
A clown is singing.
A clown is singing and people are dancing.
A cluster of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass.
A cold cyclist is celebrating.
A colored toy is being carried by a brown dog in the grass.
A concentrated woman is playing flute.
A container is being shaken over a sink in the kitchen by a man.
A cook is coating a pork chop.
A cook is rapidly slicing some bell peppers.
A cook is slicing some bell peppers.
A cord is being climbed by a man.
A costumed performer is singing and people are dancing.
A couple is looking at a map.
A couple is looking at a street guide.
A couple is lying on a bed together.
A couple is not looking at a map.
A couple is running and holding hands.
A couple is running towards the ocean.
A couple is running towards the water.
A couple is sitting on a patio and is staring at the ocean.
A couple is sitting on a patio and looking at the ocean.
A couple is standing on a patio and looking at the sky.
A couple of boys are playing a video game.
A couple of policewomen are singing.
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke.
A couple of white dogs are running and jumping along a beach.
A couple or people are wading through the water.
A couple standing on the curb.
A couple who have just got married are walking down the isle.
A courageous performer is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle over a man in a blue jumpsuit.
A cow is eating grass.
A cow is eating hay.
A cow is grazing.
A cow is not eating grass.
A cow is not eating hay.
A cowboy is riding a horse and cornering a barrel.
A cowgirl is riding a barrel near a horse in the corner.
A cowgirl is riding a brown horse and is cornering a barrel.
A cowgirl is riding a horse and corners a barrel.
A cramped black train is on the bag of a girl.
A crane, which is large and white, is flying near the water.
A crowd is posing for a large camera man in heavy clothing.
A crowd of people is far from the water.
A crowd of people is near the water.
A crowd, which is large, in warm clothing is posing for a camera.
A cupcake is being eaten by a girl.
A cute panda is lying down.
A cute panda is not lying down.
A cute puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back.
A cyclist is being held over the heads of a group of people with the bike.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at day.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest at night.
A cyclist is biking in a snowy forest in the dark.
A cyclist is fearlessly performing a trick in the air.
A cyclist is performing a jump on a bicycle.
A cyclist on a yellow bike is airborne.
A dad is launching his daughter into a swimming pool.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are fighting in the backyard.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the backyard.
A dark black dog and a light brown dog are playing in the yard in the back.
A daughter is being pushed by her father on a go-kart and another girl is watching.
A dead bird is near a black man sitting on a tree.
A deer is jumping a fence.
A deer is jumping over a cyclone fence.
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A deer is jumping over a wall.
A deer is jumping over the enclosure.
A deer is standing inside a fence.
A deer isn't jumping over the fence.
A dirty soccer ball is rolling into a goal net.
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera.
A dirty tan dog is rolling in the water and looking right at the camera.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking area full of rocks.
A distant person with a blue backpack is hiking in rocky area.
A dog and a black man are running through brown leaves.
A dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag.
A dog has its head outside a red and green gift bag.
A dog in a bucket is biting a tree which is probably a pine.
A dog in a colored coat is running across the yard.
A dog in a colored coat is running swiftly across the yard.
A dog in the backyard is carrying black fur in a basket in its mouth..
A dog in the yard is running across colored coats.
A dog is barking.
A dog is barking at a ball.
A dog is barking noisily.
A dog is being teased by a monkey at the zoo.
A dog is biting a black frisbee.
A dog is biting a can.
A dog is biting a doll.
A dog is bouncing on a trampoline.
A dog is catching a ball.
A dog is catching a ball in mid air.
A dog is catching a black frisbee.
A dog is catching a stick in the air and another is watching.
A dog is catching a white frisbee.
A dog is caught mid air with a ball.
A dog is chasing a ball.
A dog is chasing a ball in the grass.
A dog is chasing a ball on the grass.
A dog is chasing a ball through dirt.
A dog is chasing a stick and holding another dog in its mouth.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a piece of wood in its mouth.
A dog is chasing another and is holding a stick in its mouth.
A dog is chasing the tail of an animal in the grass.
A dog is closing a can of food.
A dog is crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree.
A dog is dropping a can.
A dog is eating a doll.
A dog is emerging from a lake.
A dog is excitedly playing with water in a field.
A dog is excitedly playing with water in the grass.
A dog is far from the red ball in the air.
A dog is fetching a piece of wood out of very clear water.
A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.
A dog is fetching a stick out of very dirty water.
A dog is furiously chasing a ball through dirt.
A dog is having fun with a toy.
A dog is herding a group of white sheep on a dusty farm.
A dog is herding a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm.
A dog is in a sandy area with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background.
A dog is in an area full of sand, with the sand that is being stirred up into the air and several plants are in the background.
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the air.
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind.
A dog is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves.
A dog is jumping at dry leaves in a field of shiny blue soccer balls.
A dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A dog is jumping high into the air in the country.
A dog is jumping in the air.
A dog is jumping in the air to catch a red ball.
A dog is jumping in the shade of some trees.
A dog is jumping into a box.
A dog is jumping into the air in the country.
A dog is jumping on a diving board.
A dog is jumping on a trampoline.
A dog is jumping on a trees in the shades.
A dog is leaping high in the air and another is watching.
A dog is leaving a ball in the dirt.
A dog is licking a baby.
A dog is licking a toddler.
A dog is looking around.
A dog is looking at a piece of furniture in a shop.
A dog is looking at a store counter.
A dog is losing a ball on the grass.
A dog is lying on a trampoline.
A dog is missing the ball in mid air.
A dog is near a ball colored in red, which is in the air.
A dog is near the red ball in the air.
A dog is not running towards a ball.
A dog is not swimming in a body of water.
A dog is opening a can of food.
A dog is opening a drawer and climbing inside.
A dog is opening a jar of food.
A dog is playing alone on a beach covered by snow.
A dog is playing alone on the shore covered by snow.
A dog is playing in the green field.
A dog is playing on the green grass.
A dog is playing on the ground.
A dog is playing with a toy.
A dog is pulling a monkey's tail.
A dog is pulling a toddler out of a rain puddle.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a puddle of rain.
A dog is pushing a toddler into a rain puddle.
A dog is quickly running uphill.
A dog is riding a skateboard.
A dog is rolling from side to side.
A dog is rolling on the ground.
A dog is running.
A dog is running across a rocky landscape.
A dog is running after a ball in the grass.
A dog is running alongside a fence on a dirt track.
A dog is running alongside a fence on a track full of dirt.
A dog is running breathlessly on the road.
A dog is running downhill.
A dog is running on a muddy path.
A dog is running on a snowy path.
A dog is running on a snowy road.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a ball.
A dog is running on concrete and is holding a blue ball.
A dog is running on the beach.
A dog is running on the beach and chasing a ball.
A dog is running on the grass and chasing a ball.
A dog is running on the ground.
A dog is running on the road.
A dog is running on the sand and chasing a ball.
A dog is running on the sea shore.
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a ball.
A dog is running through a field and is chasing a toy.
A dog is running through the snow.
A dog is running through the white snow.
A dog is running towards a ball.
A dog is running towards a toy.
A dog is running up a grassy hill.
A dog is running up a hill full of grass.
A dog is running uphill.
A dog is running with a ball.
A dog is running with a volleyball.
A dog is scattering a pack of white sheep on a dusty farm.
A dog is sitting by a fence on a dirt track.
A dog is sitting on the ground.
A dog is sleeping on a beach covered by snow.
A dog is sleeping on the green grass.
A dog is sleeping on the ground.
A dog is standing on a mountain.
A dog is standing on concrete and is holding a blue ball.
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a ball.
A dog is standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball.
A dog is standing on the side of a mountain.
A dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in a field.
A dog is swimming after a ball.
A dog is swimming after a tennis ball.
A dog is swimming in a body of water.
A dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him.
A dog is teasing a monkey at the zoo.
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball.
A dog is turning on the grass and pursuing a flying tennis ball.
A dog is walking along a snowdrift.
A dog is walking along the snowdrift.
A dog is walking away from a baby.
A dog is walking away from the tail of an animal in the grass.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is biting a bucket.
A dog next to a tree, which is probably a pine, is dropping a bucket.
A dog of large size is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A dog on a leash is walking in the water.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is sitting in shallow water.
A dog that has a brown and white coat is trotting through shallow water.
A dog that has a white and brown colored coat is trotting through shallow water..
A dog which is furry and black is in a back yard and is carrying a basket in its mouth.
A dog which is furry and black is in a backyard and is carrying a basket in its mouth..
A dog with a ball is being chased in the grass.
A dog with a black coat is standing in shallow water.
A dog with a blanket dyed in blue is running through the grass.
A dog with a blue blanket is running through the grass.
A dog with a blue collar is not playing with the ball outside.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball in the garden.
A dog with a blue collar is playing with the ball outside.
A dog with a blue muzzle is running around the yard with a jacket.
A dog with a golden coat is in the water.
A dog with a golden coat is swimming clumsily through the water.
A dog with a golden coat is swimming through the water.
A dog with a golden coat is walking out of the water.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is resting in the yard.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the court.
A dog with a muzzle and a blue jacket is running around the yard.
A dog with a tan coat is jumping up and catching a tennis ball.
A dog with golden fur is in the water.
A dog with golden fur is out of the water.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is running in the grass.
A dog with long hair and a red vest is sitting in the grass.
A dog with really long hair and a red vest is running in the grass.
A dog with very long hair is being showed by a woman at a dog show.
A dog's tail is being pulled by a monkey.
A dog, which has a black coat, and a white dog are running on the grass.
A dog, which has a black coat, is running in the grass and its tongue is hanging out.
A dog, which has a brown and white coat, is holding a baseball in its mouth.
A dog, which is black, and a white one are ignoring each other in the street.
A dog, which is black, and a white one are staring at each other in the street.
A dog, which is black, and another one, which is white, are staring at each other in the street.
A dog, which is black, is running in the grass.
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are racing in the grass.
A dog, which is brown, and a black one are running in the grass.
A dog, which is brown, is jumping in the air.
A dog, which is large and gray, is carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass.
A dog, which is large and gray, is difficultly carrying a ball in its mouth and running across the grass.
A dog, which is large and gray, is dropping a ball from its mouth and stopping in the grass.
A dog, which is little and black, is chasing a little brown dog.
A dog, which is small, is chasing a large brown cow.
A dog, which is small, is playing on the green grass.
A dog, which is small, is playing tirelessly on the green grass.
A dog, which is small, is running out of the green grass.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the brush.
A dog, which is tan, is running through the snow.
A dog, which is white, is standing on fallen leaves.
A door is being opened by a man.
A dress, which is black, red, white and pink is being worn by a woman.
A drunk man is milking a cat.
A drunk man is unwarily watering a cat.
A duck with brown feathers and a green head is flapping its wings in the water.
A duck, which is large, is flying over a rocky stream.
A family is buying something at the vending machine.
A family is not purchasing something at a vending machine.
A family is posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree.
A family is purchasing something at the vending machine.
A family is watching a boy who is hitting a baseball.
A family is watching a little boy who is hitting a baseball.
A family is watching a little boy who is missing a baseball.
A family, which looks happy, is posing by the fireplace.
A famous singer is dancing on the ceiling.
A father is in the swimming pool during his daughters launch.
A father is launching the daughter in a swimming pool.
A father is pulling his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is looking away.
A father is pushing his daughter on a go-kart and another girl is watching.
A father is taking away his daughter from a swimming pool.
A fearful little boy is on a climbing wall.
A fearful little boy is on the ground.
A female cheerleader is jumping on the knee of a male cheerleader.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a male cheerleader.
A female cheerleader is sitting on the knee of a man.
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is not smiling in the snow.
A female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow.
A few animals are out of the water.
A few animals are playing in the water.
A few children are jumping on a trampoline.
A few ferrets are climbing out of the cage.
A few horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping the obstacle.
A few kittens are eating.
A few men are cheerfully playing cricket.
A few men are dancing.
A few men are playing cricket.
A few men are running competitions outside.
A few men are watching cricket.
A few men in a competition are running indoors.
A few men in a competition are running outdoors.
A few men in a competition are running outside.
A few people are dancing.
A few people are floating on a raft.
A few people are singing.
A few people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees.
A few swimmers are racing in a lake.
A few women are dancing.
A few women are holding each other and dancing together.
A fish is being cut by a man.
A fish is being sliced by a man.
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea.
A fish is not swimming.
A fish is swimming.
A flute is being played by a girl.
A flute is being played by a man.
A flute is being played by the man.
A flute is being played in a lovely way by a girl.
A flute is being put away by a girl.
A flute isn't being played by a man.
A football game is being watched by the crowd.
A football is being held by a man with no shirt.
A football player in a purple jersey is breathlessly running with the ball for a touchdown.
A football player in a purple jersey is running with the ball for a touchdown.
A football player in a red and white uniform is being lifted by two teammates.
A football player in a red and white uniform is being pulled down by two teammates.
A football player is carrying an official past a rolling football.
A football player is falling into the grass to dodge a little kid.
A football player is running into an official carrying a football.
A football player is running past an official carrying a football.
A football player is taking off black armbands.
A football player is wearing black armbands.
A frog is being handled by the woman.
A frog is being held carelessly by a man.
A fully dressed person is behind a pile of rocks and a clear sky is in the background.
A funny crowd of people is doing a skit of two boxing men.
A fur scarf is being held by an Asian woman.
A furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is slowly walking beside her bike at night.
A girl dressed in purple and blue is walking beside her bike at night.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, doesn't look surprised.
A girl from Asia, in front of a brick window, looks surprised.
A girl from Asia, in front of a window made of bricks, looks surprised.
A girl has a t-shirt and is keeping her mouth open.
A girl has black and orange patches on the cheeks.
A girl has colored patches on the cheeks.
A girl in a band is playing an instrument.
A girl in a band is playing the flute.
A girl in a black hat is standing topless at the beach.
A girl in a black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach.
A girl in a blue shirt, who looks young, is walking on the sidewalk and holding up a pink sign.
A girl in a brown dress is being surrounded by children and is closing her eyes.
A girl in a strange outfit is riding the bike.
A girl in a uniform is not playing the flute with a marching band.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a band.
A girl in a uniform is playing the flute with a marching band.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is lowering her arm.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is quickly raising her arm.
A girl in a uniform, which is blue, is raising her arm..
A girl in a white dress is running.
A girl in a white dress is standing.
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on.
A girl in an orange shirt and clown makeup is walking in a park and others are looking on.
A girl in blue is sliding down a green slide.
A girl in blue is sliding down a slide.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a man with grey hair.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of a woman with grey hair.
A girl in blue sweater is holding a multicolor toy and is sitting on the shoulders of an old man with grey hair.
A girl in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan.
A girl in pink is twirling a ribbon.
A girl in white is dancing.
A girl is applying makeup to her face.
A girl is awakening.
A girl is brushing her hair.
A girl is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach.
A girl is combing her hair.
A girl is combing the hair of a little pony's tail.
A girl is communicating with sign language.
A girl is cutting butter into two pieces.
A girl is cutting the butter into two pieces.
A girl is doing a manicure.
A girl is drawing a man.
A girl is eating a cupcake.
A girl is exercising.
A girl is falling asleep.
A girl is filing her nails.
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand.
A girl is getting a tattoo removed from her hand.
A girl is hanging by gymnastic ropes.
A girl is hitting a little tee with a baseball.
A girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it.
A girl is jumping on a rock and another is sitting on it.
A girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
A girl is looking on surprised from a front window in a house in Asia..
A girl is making a flute which is not to be played.
A girl is melting two pieces of butter together.
A girl is messing up her hair.
A girl is naked and is standing on the grass.
A girl is not playing the guitar.
A girl is on a jumping car.
A girl is playing a flute.
A girl is playing a guitar.
A girl is playing a wind instrument.
A girl is playing on a toy phone.
A girl is playing the guitar.
A girl is playing the piano.
A girl is practicing the piano.
A girl is pushing a go-kart and a daughter is watching her father.
A girl is raising a blue uniform with her arm.
A girl is riding a horse.
A girl is running through the water at the beach.
A girl is running with a pink shirt and is not wearing jeans.
A girl is sitting in a seat.
A girl is skateboarding on a half pipe.
A girl is skipping rope in a park.
A girl is skipping rope on a sidewalk.
A girl is skipping rope on near a street.
A girl is speeding down a steep slide.
A girl is standing alone and wears a black shirt and pink beads.
A girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads.
A girl is standing next to the opening of a fountain.
A girl is styling her hair.
A girl is surrounding brown dressed children who are closing the eyes.
A girl is tapping her fingernails.
A girl is using sign language.
A girl is waking up.
A girl is wearing a pink shirt with white writing on it and is lying in the grass.
A girl is wearing a t-shirt and has her mouth open..
A girl is wearing all black and is sliding down a blow up yellow slide.
A girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie.
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is cheerfully running.
A girl is wearing jeans and a pink shirt and is running.
A girl is wearing sunglasses.
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing.
A girl wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill.
A girl with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork.
A girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes.
A girl with a bikini is playing in the sand.
A girl with a black bag is on a crowded train.
A girl with painted face is standing next to some other children.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is in midspeech.
A girl with red hair and red eyebrows is talking.
A girl, who is little, is playing a grand piano on stage.
A girl, who is little, is playing the piano.
A girl, who is little, with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing.
A gloved person is kicking at the hand of a monkey.
A golden dog is running through a field of tall grass.
A golden dog is sitting in a field of tall grass.
A golden retriever is not running.
A golden retriever is running.
A great dog is climbing a steep hill.
A great dog is getting down a steep hill.
A great dog is wildly climbing a steep hill.
A great singer is dancing on the ceiling.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head in a grass field.
A grey dog is bouncing a soccer ball on its head on a lawn.
A grey dog is bouncing a tennis ball on its head in a grass field.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the soft snow.
A grey dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the water.
A grey silky dog is lying in the grass and a brown dog is looking on.
A grey silky dog is running in the grass and a brown dog looks on.
A grey silky dog is sleeping in the grass and a brown dog is looking on.
A group is not riding the current in a raft.
A group of Asian girls are standing by themselves.
A group of Asian girls are standing together.
A group of boys are playing with a ball in front of a large door made of wood.
A group of boys are quiet in front of a large door made of wood.
A group of boys in a yard is playing and a man is standing in the background.
A group of boys is not playing soccer on the beach.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the beach.
A group of boys is playing soccer on the seashore.
A group of children in a building's basement is playing maracas and tambourines.
A group of children in a church basement is playing guitars and tambourines.
A group of children in a church basement is playing maracas and tambourines.
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and one is kissing the mother.
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and there is no one kissing the mother.
A group of children is not playing tambourines.
A group of children is playing in the house and there is no man standing in the background.
A group of children is playing tambourines.
A group of children wearing the same clothes is waiting at a gate and one is kissing the mother.
A group of dogs are racing and have muzzles on their noses.
A group of dogs are racing furiously and have muzzles on the noses.
A group of dogs are resting without muzzles.
A group of dogs bred for racing is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track.
A group of explorers are walking through the grass.
A group of five old adults are lounging indoors.
A group of five young adults are lounging in the room.
A group of five young adults are lounging indoors.
A group of football players is running in the field.
A group of football players is standing still in the field.
A group of four brown dogs are playing in a field of brown grass.
A group of friends are riding the current in a raft.
A group of kids is playing in a yard and an old man is standing in the background.
A group of kids is playing on a colorful structure.
A group of kids is playing on a structure which is colorful.
A group of kids is staring at a colorful structure.
A group of men is fighting.
A group of men is playing soccer on the beach.
A group of men is playing with a ball on the beach.
A group of mothers in uniforms is standing near the children and one is kissing the gate.
A group of people are dancing.
A group of people are dancing at a concert.
A group of people are dancing in a show.
A group of people are looking at sound equipment.
A group of people are marching.
A group of people are not dancing at a concert.
A group of people are not looking at sound equipment.
A group of people are not standing around a sound mixing table.
A group of people are standing.
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing console.
A group of people are standing around a sound mixing table.
A group of people are walking.
A group of people from Asia is eating at a restaurant.
A group of people in a large Asian restaurant is eating.
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection.
A group of people is equipped with protective gear.
A group of people is equipped with unprotective gear.
A group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair.
A group of people is holding drinks and pointing at the camera.
A group of people is holding food and pointing at the camera.
A group of people is near the ocean.
A group of people is near the sea.
A group of people is not walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone.
A group of people is on a beach.
A group of people is on a mountain.
A group of people is silent.
A group of people is singing.
A group of people is sitting on both sides of a red stone structure.
A group of people is sitting relaxed on both sides of a red stone monument.
A group of people is standing on both sides of a red stone structure.
A group of people is standing together and looking at the camera.
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a green hat is on the phone.
A group of people is walking down the street and a person in a hat is on the phone.
A group of people playing football is running in the field.
A group of racing dogs are nosing a muzzle.
A group of racing dogs is wearing striped uniforms and is running down a track.
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the road.
A group of rollerbladers is lining up on the street.
A group of rollerbladers is scattering on the street.
A group of scouts are camping in the grass.
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass.
A group of students in uniforms is ignoring the front of the class.
A group of students in uniforms is listening attentively at the front of the class.
A group of women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right.
A group of women is playing with a ball on the beach.
A guinea pig is devouring a carrot.
A guinea pig is eating a carrot.
A guinea pig, which is small, is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.
A guitar is being passionately played by a man.
A guitar is being played by a baby.
A guitar is being played by a boy.
A guitar is being played by a girl.
A guitar is being played by a kid.
A guitar is being played by a man.
A guitar is being played by a man next to a drummer.
A guitar is being played by a woman.
A guitar is being played by the man.
A guitarist has blonde and flyaway hair.
A guy is cheerfully playing with a footbag.
A guy is cheerfully playing with the footbag.
A guy is leaping into the air in a wooded area.
A guy is leaping into the air in wood.
A guy is mowing the lawn.
A guy is not riding a horse.
A guy is riding a horse.
A hamster is singing.
A handstand is being performed by a man on the beach.
A happy baby is laughing.
A happy family is posing by the fireplace.
A harp is being played by a man.
A harp is being played with a hat by a man.
A healthy looking dog is lying on the ground.
A herd of deer is crossing the street.
A herd of deer is stopping at the street.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing.
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance.
A hockey player in a yellow jersey is guarding the goal.
A hole is being burrowed by the badger.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is begging for money.
A homeless man is holding up a sign and is pitifully begging for money.
A homeless man is putting down a sign and refusing some charity.
A horse and its rider are leaping over a barrier.
A horse and its rider are leaping quickly over a barrier.
A horse and its rider are not leaping over a barrier.
A horse is being ridden by a girl.
A horse is being ridden by a guy.
A horse is being ridden by a man.
A horse is being ridden by a person.
A horse is being ridden by a woman.
A horse is being ridden in a creek by a man.
A horse is falling on someone.
A horse is leaping a hurdle and has a rider on its back.
A horse is not racing.
A horse is racing.
A horse is riding over a man.
A horse is running.
A horse is standing.
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color.
A horse with no rider is falling over a hurdle.
A hose is being held by a boy next to a man and another boy is watching.
A hurdle is being leapt by a horse that has a rider on its back.
A jet is flying.
A jet is not flying.
A kangaroo is picking up the woman's baby.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.
A karate practitioner is kicking at another man who is wearing protective gloves for boxing.
A keyboard is being played by a man.
A keyboard is being played by a person.
A kid in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water.
A kid in orange is playing outside with a snowball.
A kid is cutting grass with scissors.
A kid is playing a guitar.
A kid is playing an instrument.
A kid is playing guitar.
A kid is playing the guitar.
A kid is playing the piano.
A kid is playing with a toy dog.
A kid is practicing with an instrument.
A kid is putting the guitar away.
A kid is singing and playing a guitar.
A kid is sitting wearing swim gear.
A kid is smiling at the camera and swimming underwater.
A kid is speeding down a steep slide.
A kid is splashing in the ocean.
A kid is splashing in the pool.
A kid is splashing in the water.
A kid is throwing away an instrument.
A kid is waiting wearing swim gear.
A kid swimming in the ocean is tossing a coin into the pool, near the man.
A kid wearing a striped shirt is running barefoot on the sandy hill.
A kid wearing red shorts is jumping into a paddling pool.
A kitten is drinking fresh milk.
A kitten is getting bored.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy.
A kitten is playing with a toy made of blue rope.
A lady in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building.
A lady is being kissed by a man.
A lady is cutting up some meat.
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely.
A lady is dressed in black and is carrying a white cross.
A lady is mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.
A lady is mixing a mixture of meat in a bowl.
A lady is putting on makeup.
A lady is standing near three children.
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by kids.
A lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children.
A lady is surfing and riding a wave.
A lady is wearing a black dress and is carrying a white cross.
A lady of young age, with light brown hair, is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling.
A lady who looks young is lying on the beach.
A large black dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area.
A large brown cat is jumping over a red hurdle.
A large brown dog and a small grey dog are standing on a rocky surface.
A large brown dog is jumping over a red hurdle.
A large crowd in warm clothing is posing for a camera.
A large crowd in warm clothing is walking away from a camera.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are investigating.
A large dog and a small dog are standing next to the kitchen counter and are sniffing.
A large dog and a small dog is standing on the kitchen counter and investigate.
A large dog is running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A large duck is flying over a rocky stream.
A large duck is perching over a rocky stream.
A large flute is being played by a man.
A large green ball is hitting a potato.
A large green ball is missing a potato.
A large green colored ball is hitting a potato.
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant.
A large group of cheerleaders is walking in a parade.
A large jump is being performed by a man.
A large man is sitting in a military accessories shop.
A large man is sitting in a military accessories store.
A large stream is full of rocks, ducks and flies.
A large tennis ball is being used to teach a dog to run in the grass and catch it with its mouth.
A large wet yellow cat is retrieving a toy.
A large wet yellow dog is holding a toy.
A large wet yellow dog is retrieving a toy.
A large white animal is jumping up in the snow.
A large white crane is flying far above the water.
A large white crane is flying near the water.
A large white dog is jumping in the air over a snowy area.
A large white dog is jumping in the air over an area covered by snow.
A large white dog is jumping up in the snow.
A large, gray ball is hitting a running dog, which is carrying some grass in its mouth.
A laughing boy is in a yellow tank and is wearing a top.
A laughing child is holding a water gun and getting sprayed with water.
A laughing man is dyeing a shirt black on the table which you cannot sit at .
A leap over white snow is greatly appealing to the snowboarders.
A lemon is being squeezed by a woman.
A lemur is being stroked by a woman.
A lemur is biting a person's finger.
A lemur is eating.
A lemur is eating quickly.
A lemur is hanging on a cord.
A lemur is hanging on a rope.
A lemur is licking a person's finger.
A lick of milk sauce is being given to the cat.
A light brown dog is running in the grass.
A light brown dog is running in the water.
A light brown dog is running up a street.
A light brown dog is sprinting in the water.
A lion is pacing tiredly in a pen.
A lion is slowly moving around.
A lion is slowly walking.
A lion is tiring the whole pen by pacing.
A little black dog is chasing a little brown dog.
A little black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball.
A little boy and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain.
A little boy in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing.
A little boy in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert.
A little boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube.
A little boy in clothes dyed in red is jumping into the air.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping into the air.
A little boy in red clothes is jumping onto the ground.
A little boy is crawling in a green tunnel with a smile on his face.
A little boy is getting out of a puddle in the street.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle in the street.
A little boy is jumping into a puddle on the street.
A little boy is playing a guitar.
A little boy is proudly wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass.
A little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl.
A little boy is sitting in a green tunnel with a smile on his face.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on.
A little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is not looking.
A little boy is topless and is serious.
A little boy is watching a family that is hitting a baseball.
A little boy is wearing a green soccer strip and is running on the grass.
A little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing.
A little boy with a bib is not watching the camera.
A little boy with a bib is watching the camera.
A little boy with brown hair is jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor.
A little boy's jumper is in a puddle in the street.
A little boy, who looks fearful, is on a climbing wall..
A little brown and white dog is running on the road.
A little brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk.
A little cat is drinking fresh milk.
A little child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase.
A little dog is running on the beach.
A little dog is running on the sand.
A little dog is slowing down and the owner is quitting chasing it.
A little dog is sprinting and its owner is trying to catch it.
A little dog is sprinting and the person who owns it is trying to catch it.
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed by a city fountain.
A little girl and a woman wearing a yellow shirt are getting splashed near a fountain.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are lying in the snow.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled are walking in the snow.
A little girl in a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing.
A little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert.
A little girl in costume looks like a woman.
A little girl is frowning and taking off a fake nose and glasses.
A little girl is hitting a ball off a tee.
A little girl is hitting a baseball off a tee.
A little girl is looking at a woman in costume.
A little girl is missing a baseball on a tee.
A little girl is peddling a scooter.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.
A little girl is playing a guitar.
A little girl is playing a piano, which is very big, on stage.
A little girl is playing the piano.
A little girl is playing the violin on a beach.
A little girl is selling a scooter.
A little girl is smiling and running inside.
A little girl is smiling and running out of the house.
A little girl is smiling and running outside.
A little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses.
A little girl is walking off the stage.
A little girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on the head.
A little girl wearing a pink shirt is playing t-ball and taking a swing.
A little girl with blond hair is smiling and sitting on a swing.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the dry sand.
A little kid is wearing a hat and is walking in the wet sand.
A lone bicyclist is putting down a bike.
A lone biker is jumping in the air.
A lone man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall.
A lot of people are in an ice skating park.
A machine is sharpening a knife.
A machine is sharpening a pencil.
A magic trick is being performed by the magician.
A magician is cutting a girl into two pieces like butter.
A male is dancing.
A malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and preparing to jump.
A man and a boy are standing at the bottom of some stairs, which are outdoors.
A man and a child are kayaking through gentle waters.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in a car.
A man and a woman are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle.
A man and a woman are driving down the street in a jeep.
A man and a woman are eating.
A man and a woman are eating happily.
A man and a woman are having a conversation.
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area.
A man and a woman are idling in a city street.
A man and a woman are in a beige room, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background.
A man and a woman are in a room painted beige, wearing dark colored shirts and a monitor is in the background.
A man and a woman are jumping on the curb.
A man and a woman are not driving down the street in a jeep.
A man and a woman are not eating.
A man and a woman are not shaking hands.
A man and a woman are outside and are wearing light colored shirts.
A man and a woman are running together and holding hands.
A man and a woman are shaking hands.
A man and a woman are silent.
A man and a woman are sitting.
A man and a woman are sitting comfortably on the bench.
A man and a woman are sitting in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map.
A man and a woman are speaking.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a map.
A man and a woman are standing in front of an art gallery and are looking at a signboard .
A man and a woman are standing on the curb.
A man and a woman are standing still in the woods.
A man and a woman are standing together and holding hands.
A man and a woman are walking.
A man and a woman are walking down a city street.
A man and a woman are walking down the street of a city.
A man and a woman are walking nicely.
A man and a woman are walking through a desert area.
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area.
A man and a woman are walking through the woods.
A man and a woman are walking together through the city.
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods.
A man and a woman are walking together through wooded areas.
A man and a young boy are jumping off of a yellow kayak.
A man and a young boy are riding in a yellow kayak.
A man and two women are standing in a bright room by a table with candles.
A man and two women in a dark room are sitting at a table with candles.
A man and two women in a darkened room are sitting at a table with candles.
A man and woman are talking.
A man at the keyboard is playing with his nose.
A man by a brick wall is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net.
A man by a wall made of bricks is wearing a mask around his mouth and a hair net.
A man doing a pose is being watched by another man.
A man doing exercises is being floored.
A man dressed in black and white is dropping the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball.
A man dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball.
A man dressed in black is riding a bike.
A man dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail.
A man dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing acrobatics on a rail.
A man elegantly dressed in black is wearing an elaborate black mask.
A man from the wilderness is on a walking path.
A man in a big city is holding a sign and begging for money.
A man in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench.
A man in a black hat is not reaching for a box.
A man in a black hat is reaching for a box.
A man in a black hat is touching a cardboard box.
A man in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike.
A man in a black jersey is standing in a gym.
A man in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave.
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a black horse.
A man in a blue cowboy hat is riding a white horse.
A man in a blue jumpsuit is courageously performing a wheelie on a motorcycle.
A man in a blue jumpsuit is failing to perform a wheelie on a motorcycle.
A man in a cap is playing a harp.
A man in a car is not pulling up beside a woman who is walking along a road.
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman that is who along a road.
A man in a car is pulling up beside a woman who is walking along the street.
A man in a elegant dress is being surrounded by photographers.
A man in a hat is pacing through a store.
A man in a hat is playing a harp.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green jeep.
A man in a hat is standing outside of a green vehicle.
A man in a hat is walking past a store.
A man in a hat is walking through a store.
A man in a jersey which is black is standing in a gym.
A man in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle.
A man in a pose is being amusedly watched by another man.
A man in a purple colored suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar.
A man in a purple hat is climbing a rocky wall with bare hands.
A man in a purple hat isn't climbing a rocky wall with bare hands.
A man in a purple shirt is dying another shirt black, which has a man looking at a dog doing a funny face painted on it..
A man in a purple suit is standing by a purple case and is playing a guitar.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state.
A man in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an European state.
A man in a red jacket is standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with a skateboard.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the rollerblades.
A man in a red shirt is doing a trick with the skateboard.
A man in a red uniform is making a jump in a dirt bike race.
A man in a red uniform is racing and making a jump over a bike in the dirt.
A man in a red uniform is swiftly making a jump in a dirt bike race.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a face which looks funny.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is looking at a man in a black shirt who is doing a funny face.
A man in a shirt dyed purple is walking away from a man in a black shirt, who is serious.
A man in a small city is doing charity work.
A man in a suit is being surrounded by photographers.
A man in a suit is not being surrounded by photographers.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing.
A man in a white hat is getting off stage.
A man in a white hat is playing guitar on stage.
A man in a white hat is touching a cardboard box.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four beer bottles.
A man in a white shirt and sunglasses and a man in a black shirt and sunglasses are sitting at a table with four bottles of beer.
A man in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt.
A man in blue is riding a animal on a dirt road.
A man in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road.
A man in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house.
A man in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle.
A man in gold and purple is holding a rainbow afghan.
A man in green is hitting a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down.
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is falling down.
A man in green is kicking a soccer ball and a man in purple and white is rising up.
A man is abruptly falling off a horse on a track laid in the wild.
A man is adding pieces of butter to a mixing bowl.
A man is applying a silencer to a gun.
A man is arranging the garden.
A man is athletically jumping a wall.
A man is attentively taking pictures of a lake.
A man is being curiously looked at by a woman.
A man is being hit by a kid with a weapon.
A man is being pushed toward the buttons of a microwave.
A man is being roped before a climb.
A man is being roped before climbing.
A man is being roped by a climber.
A man is being stopped on a rope bridge.
A man is boiling noodles in water.
A man is breaking a block of concrete with a sledge hammer.
A man is breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer.
A man is breaking a wooden hand against a board.
A man is breaking boards made of wood with his hand.
A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand.
A man is bringing up the rear of the race.
A man is buttering a piece of bread.
A man is buttering a slice of bread.
A man is carefully climbing a rope.
A man is carelessly dropping a frog.
A man is carelessly holding a frog.
A man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic flavored bread .
A man is carrying a plant.
A man is carrying a tree.
A man is carrying a woman.
A man is carving a hole in a piece of wood.
A man is catching a fish.
A man is chopping a log with an axe.
A man is chopping a potato.
A man is chopping an onion.
A man is chopping butter into a container.
A man is chopping butter into a small container.
A man is chopping down a tree with an axe.
A man is cleaning a dish.
A man is cleaning the edge of a bowl.
A man is cleaning the sink.
A man is climbing a rope.
A man is climbing up a rope.
A man is closing a hole in a piece of wood.
A man is coming down a rope.
A man is coming out of the water.
A man is confidently slicing a carrot with a knife.
A man is cooking a snake.
A man is cracking eggs.
A man is crouching and holding a camera.
A man is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk.
A man is crying.
A man is cutting a big rope with a sword.
A man is cutting a boot with a blade.
A man is cutting a boot with a sword.
A man is cutting a box.
A man is cutting a bun.
A man is cutting a cord with a sword.
A man is cutting a fish.
A man is cutting a lemon.
A man is cutting a note.
A man is cutting a paper.
A man is cutting a paper plate.
A man is cutting a potato.
A man is cutting a potato into pieces.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword.
A man is cutting a slice of bread.
A man is cutting a thick rope with a sword.
A man is cutting a tomato.
A man is cutting a tree with an axe.
A man is cutting an onion.
A man is cutting himself with a piece of paper.
A man is cutting onions.
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl.
A man is cutting the tape on the box.
A man is cutting tomatoes.
A man is dancing.
A man is dancing in the rain.
A man is dancing on a roof .
A man is dancing on the ceiling.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
A man is dancing on the floor.
A man is dancing on the road.
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling.
A man is dancing with a worn hard hat.
A man is dangerously dancing on the ceiling of a room.
A man is dangerously extracting knives from a tree.
A man is dangerously riding a motorcycle through a town.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree.
A man is dangerously throwing knives at the tree.
A man is disassembling the drum.
A man is diving into a pool.
A man is diving into the water.
A man is diving off a cliff.
A man is diving off a rock.
A man is doing a card trick.
A man is doing a magic trick.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on a park porch.
A man is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch.
A man is doing a trick on a bike.
A man is doing a trick on a skateboard.
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline.
A man is doing exercise.
A man is doing exercises.
A man is doing physical activity.
A man is doing pull-ups.
A man is doing some tricks with a soccer ball.
A man is drawing.
A man is drawing a picture.
A man is drawing on a board.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.
A man is drawing some figures.
A man is drilling a hole in a piece of wood.
A man is drilling a hole with a piece of wood.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking.
A man is drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day.
A man is driving a car.
A man is driving a motorbike.
A man is driving a vehicle.
A man is dropping a tree.
A man is dropping the guitar.
A man is eating.
A man is eating a banana.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal.
A man is eating a carrot sliced by a machine.
A man is eating a fruit.
A man is eating a pizza.
A man is eating near the kittens.
A man is eating onion slices.
A man is eating some food.
A man is emptying a container made of plastic.
A man is emptying a container made of plastic completely.
A man is emptying a plastic container.
A man is erasing some figures.
A man is escaping a rising swamp.
A man is exercising.
A man is exhibiting a small monkey.
A man is failing to perform a bicycle trick in midair.
A man is falling off a horse on a track and is laid in the wild.
A man is falling off a mechanical bull.
A man is falling off a surfboard in the water.
A man is filling a container made of plastic.
A man is filling a plastic container.
A man is firing a gun.
A man is firing a shotgun.
A man is fishing in the river.
A man is fishing in the stream.
A man is fitting a silencer to a pistol.
A man is fitting a silencer to a weapon.
A man is fixing a silencer to a gun.
A man is flooring a sitting guitar player.
A man is folding a tortilla.
A man is freeing a fish.
A man is frying a tortilla.
A man is frying food.
A man is getting a garage for the car.
A man is getting into a car.
A man is getting into a car in a garage.
A man is getting into an automobile.
A man is getting off the car.
A man is getting off the motorcycle.
A man is getting on a horse on a track laid in the wild.
A man is going into the water.
A man is hanging on the ledge of a balcony.
A man is hanging up the phone.
A man is harping on about a play.
A man is having fun with water.
A man is having lunch.
A man is hiding a small monkey.
A man is holding a big animal in one hand.
A man is holding a frog.
A man is holding a mask in his raised hand.
A man is holding a sign and is seeking money.
A man is holding a small animal in one hand.
A man is holding an animal, which is small, in one hand.
A man is holding up an electronic device.
A man is hungrily eating a bowl of cereal.
A man is hurriedly getting into a car in a garage.
A man is idling.
A man is idling on the floor.
A man is ignoring a girl via an internet camera.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a friend.
A man is in a parking lot and is playing tennis against a large wall.
A man is inside the house and is throwing blades at a close target.
A man is jumping a wall.
A man is jumping into a full pool.
A man is jumping into a pool.
A man is jumping into an empty pool.
A man is jumping into an empty swimming pool.
A man is jumping off a low wall.
A man is jumping on a trampoline.
A man is jumping onto a low wall.
A man is jumping onto a wall which is low.
A man is jumping out of a pool.
A man is jumping rope in a field.
A man is jumping rope outside.
A man is kicking a ball.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
A man is laughing.
A man is laying a cover over a wild horse that is falling on the track.
A man is laying down a guitar.
A man is lazily walking down a road.
A man is lazing.
A man is leading the race.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded.
A man is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people.
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle.
A man is leaning on the ledge of a balcony.
A man is lifting barbells.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets.
A man is loading a weapon with bullets.
A man is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind.
A man is lumping dough.
A man is making a bed.
A man is making a call on a cell phone.
A man is making a phone call.
A man is making a sketch.
A man is making a speech on a podium.
A man is making music with a flute.
A man is massaging a woman.
A man is mindlessly slicing the carrot with a machine.
A man is missing the soccer ball.
A man is mixing.
A man is mixing a few ingredients in a bowl.
A man is mixing the content of a bowl.
A man is mixing vegetables in a pot.
A man is motionless.
A man is moving gracefully.
A man is mowing a lawn.
A man is mowing grass.
A man is naked and is lying in the field.
A man is naked and standing still.
A man is not cutting a potato.
A man is not cutting an onion.
A man is not dancing.
A man is not drawing on a digital dry erase board.
A man is not mowing a lawn.
A man is not participating in a bmx race.
A man is not playing a flute.
A man is not playing a guitar.
A man is not playing keyboards.
A man is not playing the drums.
A man is not playing the guitar.
A man is not playing with water.
A man is not riding a bicycle.
A man is not riding a scooter.
A man is not rinsing a large steak.
A man is not rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background.
A man is not talking on the phone.
A man is not wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask.
A man is not wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera.
A man is on a boat in front of the sunset.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in a strange position.
A man is on a rock high above some trees and is standing in an uncomfortable position.
A man is on a ship in front of the sunset.
A man is opening a box with a knife.
A man is opening a door.
A man is opening a package that contains headphones.
A man is opening a package that doesn't contain headphones.
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones.
A man is opening a soda and drinking it.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a close target.
A man is outside and is throwing blades at a target which is close.
A man is outside close to a target for blade throwing.
A man is packing a guitar.
A man is packing a violin.
A man is packing away an acoustic guitar.
A man is packing away the guitar.
A man is packing the guitar.
A man is painting a woman's face.
A man is parking a car in a garage.
A man is parking a motorbike.
A man is participating in a bmx race.
A man is participating in a race for bmxs.
A man is passionately playing a guitar.
A man is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience.
A man is passionately playing the guitar.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth.
A man is peeling an onion.
A man is performing a dance.
A man is performing a handstand on the beach.
A man is performing a jump on a bicycle.
A man is performing a trick on a bike.
A man is performing a trick on a green bicycle.
A man is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water.
A man is performing stunts on a green bicycle.
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball.
A man is performing with a guitar.
A man is performing with the guitar.
A man is petting a dog near a stone path.
A man is petting two cats.
A man is petting two dogs.
A man is phoning.
A man is picking a can.
A man is picking up a tree.
A man is planting a tree.
A man is playing a bamboo flute.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is playing a flute made of bamboo.
A man is playing a game with a ball.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar on stage.
A man is playing a guitar that is acoustic.
A man is playing a guitar under a windows.
A man is playing a harp.
A man is playing a keyboard.
A man is playing a keyboard in a park.
A man is playing a large flute.
A man is playing a piano.
A man is playing a piano at a concert.
A man is playing a small flute.
A man is playing a trumpet.
A man is playing a trumpet brightly.
A man is playing a violin.
A man is playing a wooden flute.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar.
A man is playing an electric guitar.
A man is playing an electronic keyboard.
A man is playing an instrument.
A man is playing baseball with a flute.
A man is playing flute.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is playing guitar next to a drummer.
A man is playing keyboards.
A man is playing soccer.
A man is playing the drum.
A man is playing the drums.
A man is playing the flute.
A man is playing the guitar.
A man is playing the guitar loudly.
A man is playing the guitar owner.
A man is playing the instrument.
A man is playing the keyboard with his nose.
A man is playing the piano.
A man is playing the trumpet.
A man is playing two keyboards.
A man is playing with a water toy in the water.
A man is playing with water.
A man is pointing at a car.
A man is pointing at a silver sedan.
A man is posing to be watched by another man.
A man is pouring a plate of cheese which is shredded into a pot of sauce.
A man is pouring a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce.
A man is pouring a pot of cheese sauce into a shredded plate.
A man is pouring cleaner into the sink.
A man is pouring liquid into a pot.
A man is pouring oil into a pan.
A man is pouring oil into a skillet.
A man is powerfully kicking a soccer ball.
A man is practicing the drum.
A man is praying.
A man is praying fervently.
A man is preparing a dish.
A man is preparing some dish.
A man is puking.
A man is punching a soccer ball.
A man is pushing a helmet towards another one on a black bicycle.
A man is pushing the buttons of a microwave.
A man is putting a trumpet away.
A man is putting away a carrot.
A man is putting away a guitar.
A man is putting away a stenograph machine.
A man is putting away the guitar.
A man is putting down an electronic device.
A man is putting down the flute.
A man is putting down the guitar.
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices.
A man is putting garlic on some slices of bread.
A man is putting seasoning on a pizza.
A man is putting some cheese on a pizza.
A man is putting some food in a box.
A man is putting some food in a container.
A man is putting vegetables into a pot.
A man is quickly chopping some mushrooms with a knife.
A man is racing.
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife.
A man is reading an email.
A man is reading the email.
A man is recklessly climbing a rope.
A man is recklessly riding a horse.
A man is reloading a shotgun.
A man is removing a carrot from a machine.
A man is removing some food from a box.
A man is removing the butter from a piece of bread which is big.
A man is removing the garlic from some slices of bread.
A man is removing the peel of an onion.
A man is removing vegetables from a pot.
A man is repairing tiles with his hands.
A man is resting.
A man is resting on a chair and rubbing his eyes.
A man is riding a bicycle.
A man is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill.
A man is riding a dirty horse on a blue road.
A man is riding a horse.
A man is riding a horse in a sandy land.
A man is riding a horse in the desert.
A man is riding a horse on the beach.
A man is riding a mechanical bull.
A man is riding a motorbike.
A man is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A man is riding a motorcycle through the town.
A man is riding a rodeo bull.
A man is riding a scooter.
A man is riding a water toy in the water.
A man is riding an animal.
A man is riding an electric bicycle.
A man is riding on a bicycle with one wheel only.
A man is riding the animal.
A man is riding the horse.
A man is rinsing a large piece of meat.
A man is rinsing a large steak.
A man is rising from a swamp.
A man is roasting a snake.
A man is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background.
A man is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route.
A man is rock climbing, stopping and calculating the route.
A man is rowing a boat.
A man is rowing a canoe.
A man is running.
A man is running away from the soccer ball.
A man is running down the road.
A man is running in a field.
A man is running on the road.
A man is scared.
A man is screaming.
A man is screwing a piece of wood to a wall.
A man is seeking a sign and is holding some money.
A man is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword.
A man is shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen.
A man is shaking a drink.
A man is sharpening a knife.
A man is sharpening a weapon.
A man is shooting a shotgun.
A man is shooting a weapon.
A man is shooting at target practice.
A man is shooting guns.
A man is shooting with a bow.
A man is shooting with a gun.
A man is shooting with a weapon.
A man is showing off a small monkey.
A man is silent.
A man is singing.
A man is singing a song and playing the guitar.
A man is singing and playing a guitar.
A man is singing and playing a musical instrument.
A man is singing and playing the guitar.
A man is singing and standing on the sidewalk.
A man is singing and walking down the road.
A man is singing and walking down the sidewalk.
A man is singing into a microphone.
A man is singing into an old microphone.
A man is singing passionately.
A man is singing to a girl.
A man is singing to a woman.
A man is sitting.
A man is sitting and tables a comfortable discussion.
A man is sitting comfortably at a table.
A man is sitting in a field.
A man is sitting in the rain.
A man is sitting in the woods.
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note.
A man is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel.
A man is sitting on a boat in font of the sunset, near a flag.
A man is sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes.
A man is sitting on a sidewalk.
A man is sitting on a train and resting his hand against his face.
A man is sitting on the beach.
A man is sitting on the floor and is playing a guitar.
A man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar.
A man is sitting on the grass and drinking from a water bottle.
A man is sitting on the lawn and drinking from a water bottle.
A man is sitting peacefully on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag.
A man is skateboarding on a half pipe.
A man is skiing down a hill and jumping a red obstacle.
A man is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill.
A man is skiing down a snowy mountain.
A man is slicing a bun.
A man is slicing a carrot with a knife.
A man is slicing a fish.
A man is slicing a potato.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces.
A man is slicing a red tomato.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A man is slicing an onion.
A man is slicing bread.
A man is slicing butter.
A man is slicing onions.
A man is slicing potatoes.
A man is slicing some bread.
A man is slicing some garlic and putting away the bread.
A man is slicing the carrot with a machine.
A man is slicing tomatoes.
A man is slowly dancing on the road.
A man is slowly folding a tortilla.
A man is slowly trekking in the woods.
A man is snowboarding down a railing in the snow.
A man is spanking a boy with a plastic sword.
A man is speaking.
A man is speaking about the stage.
A man is speaking on a podium.
A man is speaking on a stage.
A man is spilling orange juice and standing still.
A man is spitting.
A man is spitting on the ground.
A man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog.
A man is spreading butter on a piece of bread which is big.
A man is spreading dough.
A man is sprinkling cheese on a pizza.
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread.
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photo.
A man is squatting in brush and taking a photograph.
A man is squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine road covered by snow, that is lit only by headlights.
A man is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights.
A man is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open.
A man is standing bare-chested beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background.
A man is standing behind the rocks with clouds on top of them.
A man is standing beside a birdcage which is large and colorful.
A man is standing beside a large and colorful birdcage.
A man is standing in a gym and is wearing a jersey.
A man is standing in front of a wall.
A man is standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey.
A man is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain.
A man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall.
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper.
A man is standing next to a bus.
A man is standing on a black jeep on a dirt hill.
A man is standing on a boat in front of the sunset near a flag.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black car.
A man is standing on a dirt hill next to a black jeep.
A man is standing on a roof.
A man is standing on a roof top and playing a violin.
A man is standing on a sidewalk.
A man is standing on a train and resting his hand on his lap.
A man is standing on the top of a roof and playing a violin.
A man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them.
A man is standing shirtless in the street.
A man is standing still.
A man is standing tiredly next to a bus.
A man is stopping a horse.
A man is stopping in the middle of a road.
A man is stopping the bicycle.
A man is strolling in the rain.
A man is strumming a guitar.
A man is strumming the guitar.
A man is taking a picture of a drawing.
A man is taking a plate of shredded cheese off of a pot of sauce.
A man is taking pictures of a lake.
A man is taking the oil out off a skillet.
A man is talking.
A man is talking on a cell phone.
A man is talking on the phone.
A man is talking on the radio.
A man is talking to a boy.
A man is talking to a woman.
A man is talking to the woman who is seated beside him and is driving a car.
A man is tanking on a stage in front of a crowd.
A man is taping a cut box.
A man is tearing up the pictures of a lake.
A man is thinking.
A man is throwing away a guitar.
A man is trekking in the woods.
A man is tying a shoe.
A man is tying a thick rope.
A man is tying the shoe.
A man is typing on a machine used for stenography.
A man is unfolding a tortilla.
A man is uninterestedly holding a sign and is seeking money.
A man is untying a rope.
A man is untying a shoe.
A man is using a knife to open a box.
A man is walking a woman through the woods.
A man is walking along a path through a wilderness.
A man is walking along a track through a wilderness.
A man is walking down a road.
A man is walking in a city street.
A man is walking in a yard.
A man is walking in the rain.
A man is walking outside.
A man is walking slowly across a bridge made of rope.
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.
A man is watering a tree.
A man is watering the grass and excitedly playing with a dog.
A man is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and cheerfully riding a unicycle in the street.
A man is wearing a blue checkered shirt and riding a unicycle in the street.
A man is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court.
A man is wearing a blue shirt which has long sleeves and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a face mask.
A man is wearing a clear plastic cap and a mask.
A man is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry.
A man is wearing a hard hat and dancing.
A man is wearing a hat which is hard and is dancing.
A man is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees.
A man is wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and is riding a unicycle down a street.
A man is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera.
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some boulders with water in the background.
A man is wearing a red jacket and standing beside a yellow canoe on some rocks with water in the background.
A man is wearing a sports uniform and is running down the field.
A man is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette.
A man is wearing clothes that are covered with paint and is sitting outside in a busy area writing something.
A man is whacking a boy with a sword.
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl.
A man is working on the computer.
A man is working on the laptop.
A man isn't pouring oil on the tomatoes..
A man isn't sitting comfortably at the table.
A man isn't tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean.
A man on a bicycle is riding on one wheel only.
A man on a bicycle is riding on the beach.
A man on a bike is jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp.
A man on a bike is riding on the shore.
A man on a green bike is performing tricks on a dirt ramp.
A man on a green car is performing tricks on a dirt ramp.
A man on a horse is riding on a track and waving.
A man on a motorcycle is doing a trick.
A man on a motorcycle is going around a corner.
A man on a motorcycle is not riding on one wheel.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on a track and waving happily.
A man on a motorcycle is riding on one wheel.
A man on a motorcycle is turning around a corner.
A man on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump.
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a black bike is catching up.
A man on a yellow sport bike is doing a wheelie and a friend on a white bike is catching up.
A man on inline skates is resting at a skate park.
A man on inline skates is skating at a park built for skating.
A man on inline skates is skating at a skate park.
A man wearing a dyed black shirt is sitting at the table and laughing.
A man who is playing dunks the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background.
A man who is playing is running with the ball in his hands.
A man who is wearing headphones is opening a package .
A man with Indian clothing and henna on his hand is going through paperwork.
A man with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground.
A man with a camera is studying the subject.
A man with a hard hat is dancing.
A man with a helmet painted red is riding a blue motorcycle down the road.
A man with a jersey is dunking the ball at a basketball game.
A man with a shirt is holding a football.
A man with a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the left.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the right.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt is behind a woman in red and is looking to the side.
A man with a white moustache is sitting on a balcony and is looking at the road below.
A man with a white moustache is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below.
A man with climbing equipment is hanging from a rock, which is vertical and white.
A man with equipment used for climbing is hanging from a white, vertical rock..
A man with equipment used for climbing is under a vertical, white rock.
A man with moustaches is standing on a balcony and is looking at the road below.
A man with no hat is sitting on the ground.
A man with no hat is standing outside of a green jeep.
A man with no shirt is holding a football.
A man with no shirt is jumping over a log.
A man with paint covered clothes is sitting outside in a busy area writing something.
A man with tattoos is holding a couch with a pencil.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and holding a pencil.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch and is looking for a pencil.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread near a woman.
A man without a shirt is posing with the arms spread next to a woman.
A man's face is being painted by a woman.
A man's white car is being driven away.
A man, a woman and two girls are sitting on the beach.
A man, a woman and two girls are walking on the beach.
A married couple is walking down the aisle.
A married couple is walking up the aisle.
A mask is being held by a man in his raised hand.
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road beside the water.
A middle aged man and woman are riding bikes down a road near the water.
A middle aged man and woman are riding horses down a road beside the water.
A middle eastern man is standing against a lamp post near to other people.
A middle eastern man is standing with the back against a lamp post near to other people.
A middle eastern woman is standing with her back against a lamp post near to other people.
A model is wearing a purple shirt and black leather chaps and is posing for the camera.
A monkey is brushing the dog.
A monkey is kicking a person.
A monkey is kicking at a person's glove.
A monkey is kicking at the gloved hand of a person.
A monkey is practicing martial arts.
A monkey is pulling a dog's tail.
A monkey is riding a bicycle.
A monkey is riding a bike.
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo.
A monkey is wading through a marsh.
A monkey is wading through a river.
A monkey isn't walking through water.
A mother is giving the baby a pen with a walking rhino on it.
A motocross rider is giving a motorbike to a person at an event.
A motorbike rider is jumping over a person on a sandy track.
A motorbike rider is running over a man .
A motorcycle is being ridden by a man.
A motorcycle is riding standing up on the seat of the vehicle.
A motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike.
A motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a white motorcycle.
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike along a roadway.
A motorcyclist is riding a motorbike dangerously along a roadway.
A motorcyclist is sitting by a police man.
A motorcyclist on a bike is leaning into a sharp corner.
A motorcyclist with a red helmet is riding a blue motorcycle down the road.
A motorcyclist without a helmet is waiting on a blue motorcycle near the road.
A mountain is being climbed by two men.
A musician is playing a keyboard.
A musician is playing two keyboards.
A naked girl is walking beside her bike at night.
A nearby throng of people are kissing two by two.
A newspaper is featuring a woman with large sized hands holding sunglasses and wearing a coat.
A nude crowd in body paint is walking in front of a lady .
A nude lady is walking in front of a crowd in body paint.
A nude lady is walking in front of many people in body paint.
A pair of kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues.
A pan is being dropped over the meat.
A panda bear is eating some bamboo.
A panda is climbing.
A panda that is cute is lying down.
A paper plate is being cut by a man.
A paper plate is being cut by the man.
A parrot is speaking.
A pedestrian woman is building pink bicycles for boa wearing riders.
A pencil is being sharpened.
A pencil is being shaved by the machine.
A person by some cameras is blowing on a burning torch.
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar.
A person in a black hat is reaching for a box.
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike.
A person in a blue colored jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall.
A person in a blue jacket is jumping off of a tall cement wall.
A person in a blue jacket is jumping onto a tall cement wall.
A person in a blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet.
A person in a motocross uniform is not wearing a helmet and riding a red motorcycle.
A person in a motocross uniform is wearing a helmet and rides a red motorcycle.
A person in a pink jacket is not running onto the field.
A person in a pink jacket is running onto the field.
A person in a red jacket and khaki pants is walking through an American state.
A person in biking gear is standing steadily in front of some mountains .
A person in pink is running onto the field.
A person in the gear used for biking is standing steadily in front of the mountains.
A person is absently cutting mushrooms with a knife.
A person is being kicked by a monkey.
A person is boiling noodles.
A person is bowling the ingredients to the man at the mixer.
A person is brushing a cat.
A person is burning some cameras with a blow torch.
A person is buttering a tray.
A person is cementing a jacket in a blue tall wall and jumping.
A person is chopping a red onion.
A person is chopping an onion.
A person is chopping down a tree with an axe.
A person is cleaning a pot of cooking oil.
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink.
A person is combing the fur of a cat.
A person is coming out of the water.
A person is cooking some food.
A person is crouching and holding a camera.
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces.
A person is cutting an onion.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.
A person is cutting some ginger.
A person is cutting some mushrooms.
A person is dancing.
A person is dancing in the rain.
A person is dancing on a roof.
A person is dancing on the ceiling.
A person is dicing an onion.
A person is doing a trick on a skateboard.
A person is doing a trick on a snowboard.
A person is doing a trick with some cards.
A person is doing acrobatics on a snowboard.
A person is doing exercises.
A person is drawing some figures.
A person is drinking orange juice and walking.
A person is driving the white car.
A person is dropping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove.
A person is eating a cut onion.
A person is eating at a table.
A person is eating in a restaurant.
A person is exercising.
A person is folding a piece of paper.
A person is folding a sheet.
A person is folding a tortilla.
A person is frying food in a pan.
A person is frying meat in a pan.
A person is frying some food.
A person is holding a frog.
A person is holding a skunk.
A person is holding up an electronic device.
A person is ignoring the motocross bike that is lying on its side and there is no one is racing by.
A person is jotting something with a pencil.
A person is kicking a ball for a soccer game between somebody's feet.
A person is kicking a monkey.
A person is kicking a soccer ball between their feet.
A person is listening to a trumpet playing.
A person is looking at a bike designed for motocross that is lying on its side and another is racing by.
A person is looking at a motocross bike that is lying on its side and another is racing by.
A person is looking into the distance and people is walking between buildings behind.
A person is lying on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them.
A person is making a bed.
A person is not chopping an onion.
A person is not cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.
A person is not doing a trick on a slide.
A person is not eating at a table.
A person is not folding a piece of paper.
A person is not frying.
A person is not frying meat in a pan.
A person is not holding a skunk.
A person is not making a bed.
A person is not peeling a banana.
A person is not performing tricks on a motorcycle.
A person is not playing a keyboard.
A person is not playing the keyboard.
A person is not quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife.
A person is not slicing some onions.
A person is not stirring vegetables in a pot.
A person is not tearing paper.
A person is packing a zucchini.
A person is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience.
A person is peeling a banana.
A person is peeling a potato.
A person is peeling an onion.
A person is performing a card trick.
A person is performing a trick on a surfboard in the water.
A person is performing acrobatics on a motorcycle.
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle.
A person is piecing together an onion.
A person is planting a tree.
A person is playing a guitar and singing.
A person is playing a keyboard.
A person is playing a piano.
A person is playing a trumpet.
A person is playing the keyboard.
A person is pouring cooking oil into a pot.
A person is pouring oil for cooking into a pot.
A person is pouring oil made with olives into a pot on the stove.
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove.
A person is pouring olive oil into the stove from a pot.
A person is putting away the mushrooms.
A person is putting meat into a skillet.
A person is putting meat into a skillet carelessly.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife.
A person is quickly cutting mushrooms with a knife.
A person is reading the email.
A person is recklessly riding a horse.
A person is removing chopped vegetables from a pot on the stove.
A person is removing eggs from a bowl.
A person is removing the butter from a tray.
A person is repairing some cameras with a blow torch.
A person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.
A person is riding a bike.
A person is riding a bike along a muddy trail.
A person is riding a bike along the trail.
A person is riding a dirt bike down a dirt hill.
A person is riding a dirt bike up a dirt hill.
A person is riding a horse.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves.
A person is riding a mechanical bull.
A person is riding a motorbike.
A person is riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross.
A person is riding a motorcycle.
A person is riding an electric bicycle.
A person is riding an old motorcycle.
A person is riding the bicycle on one wheel.
A person is rinsing a steak with water.
A person is rock climbing and a city and a bay are in the background.
A person is ruffling the fur of a cat.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini.
A person is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword.
A person is shirtless and is putting down the beer.
A person is singing and playing a guitar.
A person is singing and playing the guitar.
A person is sitting.
A person is sitting and wearing a grass hat.
A person is sitting comfortably at the table.
A person is sitting in a field and is wearing a hat.
A person is sitting on a mountain top.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces.
A person is slicing a cucumber.
A person is slicing a piece of bread.
A person is slicing a potato.
A person is slicing an onion.
A person is slicing garlic into pieces with a knife.
A person is slicing some ginger.
A person is slicing some mushrooms.
A person is slicing some onions.
A person is snowboarding down a railing in the snow.
A person is spitting.
A person is spreading butter on a tray.
A person is sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread.
A person is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open.
A person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice.
A person is standing in front of a rock with a rope, which is pink.
A person is standing in the snow at the edge of a mountain.
A person is standing near a motorcycle.
A person is standing on a mountain top.
A person is stirring vegetables in a bowl.
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot.
A person is stopping playing a trumpet .
A person is stopping the bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.
A person is strongly whisking eggs in a bowl.
A person is stupidly throwing a cat at the ceiling.
A person is taking a cat down from the ceiling.
A person is taking away the meat in the skillet.
A person is tearing paper.
A person is tearing sheets.
A person is throwing a cat at the ceiling.
A person is unfolding a tortilla.
A person is walking in the snow at the edge of a mountain.
A person is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court.
A person is wearing a hat and is sitting on the grass.
A person is wearing a red jacket and carefully holding a beer.
A person is wearing a red jacket and holding a beer.
A person is wearing a straw hat and smoking a cigarette.
A person is wearing grey pants on a snowboard.
A person is wiping butter on a tray.
A person is wrapping up an onion.
A person is writing.
A person near an onion has a cut.
A person on a bike is in the air near a body of water.
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring beautifully through the bike frame.
A person on a bike is jumping through the air and the sun is flaring through the bike frame.
A person on a bike is not in the air near a body of water.
A person on a bike is riding on one wheel only.
A person on a black motorbike is doing tricks with a jacket.
A person on a yellow bike is airborne.
A person on a yellow clean bike is taking a jump.
A person on a yellow dirt bike is taking a jump.
A person playing football is running past an official carrying a football.
A person playing football is wearing black armbands.
A person wearing grey pants is airborne on a snowboard.
A person wearing jeans is sitting happily on the top of a horse saddle.
A person wearing jeans is sitting on top of a horse saddle.
A person who is practicing snowboarding falls from the air.
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air.
A person who plays soccer is kicking a ball into the goal.
A person who rides bikes, in a black and red uniform, is standing on a dirt bike.
A person with a back pack, who is topless, is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background.
A person with a backwards hat is sitting on the ground.
A person with a green shirt is jumping high over the grass.
A person with a green shirt is jumping onto the grass.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is moving near a rocky wall.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is not walking near a rocky wall.
A person with a red hooded jacket and a black backpack is walking near a rocky wall.
A person with pink climbing gear roped the rock.
A person without shirt is jumping high over the green grass.
A person, who is riding a bike, is wearing gear which is black.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another brown dog in the pond.
A pet dog is standing on the bank and is looking at another dog, which is brown, in the pond.
A photographer is being surrounded by men.
A pianist is playing the keyboard.
A piano is being played by a man.
A piano is being played by a person.
A piano is being played by someone.
A piano isn't being played by a man.
A picture is being drawn by a man.
A picture of himself and another guy is being taken by the man.
A piece of bread, which is big, is having butter spread upon it by a man OR A piece of bread, which is big, is being spread with butter by a man.
A piece of wood is being screwed to a wall by a man.
A ping pong player is meeting with two people.
A pink shirt with white writing on it is being worn by a girl who is lying in the grass.
A pitcher is being filled with water by a boy.
A pizza is being eaten by a man.
A plane is flying.
A plane is landing.
A plane is taking off.
A player dressed in black and white is holding up the tennis racket and is waiting for the ball.
A player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field.
A player is running with the ball.
A player is throwing the ball.
A player of soccer is scoring a goal.
A playing device is amusing a cat.
A podium is where a man is speaking.
A policeman is getting off of a motorcycle.
A policeman is sitting on a motorcycle.
A policeman is sitting tiredly on a motorcycle.
A poor man is being fed snakes and mice.
A pot of chili is being stirred by someone with a spoon.
A potato is being cut by a man.
A potato is being peeled by a person.
A potato is being peeled by a woman.
A potato is being sliced by a person.
A potato is being sliced by a woman.
A potato is being sliced by the man.
A potato peel is falling over a woman.
A practicing jumper is tossing a person's snowboard into the air.
A prawn is being cut by a woman.
A prey is quickly running behind the cheetah.
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side on its back.
A purple crowd of people is eating on various red lit restaurant tables.
A rabbit is playing with a stuffed bunny.
A rabbit is playing with a toy.
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit.
A race car driver is sitting down and is motionless.
A race car driver is standing up and is fiercely pointing his hand at the sky.
A race car driver is standing up and pointing his hand at the sky.
A racer in full gear is wearing a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a red sport motorcycle.
A racer in full gear wears a helmet with sponsor logos and is riding a blue sport motorcycle.
A racer is leaning on a racing motorcycle.
A racquet is being held by a tennis player in mid game.
A rainbow afghan is being held by a girl in gold and purple.
A red and brown dog is digging its nose inside the holiday gift bag.
A red dog is excitedly jumping up and catching a tennis ball in its mouth.
A red dog is jumping and catching a tennis ball in its mouth.
A red dog is sitting and dropping a tennis ball from its mouth.
A red hurdle is being jumped by a large brown dog.
A red sled is being held by a little girl in a green coat and a boy walking in the snow.
A red sweatshirt with a smiling lady upon it is suited to be worn with light brown hair, earrings and a necklace .
A rhino is grazing in a field.
A rhino, which is a youngling, is walking around a pen with its mother.
A rhino, which is little, is following an adult rhino.
A ribbon is being twirled by a girl in pink.
A rider is on a black and white bike and is standing on the seat.
A rider is surfing the wave.
A rider is waving at a surfer.
A river is being crossed by a dog on a bridge made from a fallen tree.
A rock is being climbed by a person with a rope, which is pink.
A rock is being climbed by the black dog.
A rocker is sitting with a t-shirt that has a man over a grey waterfall on the front.
A rocky wall is climbed by a man in a purple hat with bare hands.
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp.
A rope is being climbed by a man.
A runner is circling a squirrel.
A sad family is posing by the fireplace.
A sad man is crying.
A schoolgirl with a black bag is on a crowded train.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish.
A sea turtle is hunting for food.
A sea turtle is not hunting for fish.
A seabird is flying over some rocks.
A seabird is slowly flying over some rocks.
A seated woman is singing a song and playing the guitar.
A sheepdog is dispersing a herd of sheep.
A sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a dirty road.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a paved road.
A shirtless man is escorting a horse that is pulling a carriage along a road.
A shirtless man is jumping over a log.
A shirtless man is leading a carriage that is being pulled by a horse.
A shirtless man is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage.
A shirtless man is playing football in a gym.
A shirtless man is playing football on a field.
A shirtless man is playing football on a lawn.
A shirtless man is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park.
A shirtless person is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park.
A shirtless woman is jumping over a log.
A shirtless woman is leading a horse that is pulling a carriage.
A shirtless woman is posing with a girl who is hiking in a park.
A shoe is being tied by a man.
A shoeless woman is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella.
A shoeless woman is standing over a blanket near a lavender umbrella.
A sitting man is busy writing something in an area covered by paint.
A skateboarder is doing acrobatics on a half pipe.
A skateboarder is doing tricks on a half pipe.
A skateboarder is falling off a half pipe.
A skateboarder is jumping in the air.
A skateboarder is jumping off a ramp.
A skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp.
A skier dressed in black is catching a tiny bit of air.
A skier in black is catching a tiny bit of air.
A skier in white is catching a tiny bit of air.
A skilled man is playing a guitar on stage.
A skilled person is riding a bicycle on one wheel.
A skunk is being held by a person.
A small animal is lying on the bed.
A small animal is singing.
A small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers.
A small black and white dog is biting a stick and is swimming.
A small black and white dog is carrying a stick and is swimming.
A small black dog is wearing a red collar and is in the leaves with a blue ball.
A small boy in a green shirt is striping a sliding tube.
A small boy in a shirt, which is yellow, is laughing on the beach.
A small boy in a striped shirt is sliding out of a green tube.
A small boy in a yellow shirt is laughing on the beach.
A small boy is playing with a dog.
A small boy is scolding a dog.
A small boy is sitting in the forest.
A small boy is standing in the forest.
A small brown and white dog is running on the sidewalk.
A small brown and white spotted dog is lying on a jacket on the street.
A small cat is lying on a bed.
A small cat is opening a plastic drawer with its paws and jumping inside.
A small child in a pink sweater is climbing a concrete staircase.
A small child is lying outdoors in a grassy area.
A small child is outdoors climbing steps in a grassy area.
A small child is showing boredom on a swing set at the park.
A small child is showing excitement on a set of swings at the park.
A small child is showing excitement on a swing set at the park.
A small dog is chasing a large brown cow.
A small dog is lying on a bed.
A small dog is lying on the bed.
A small dog is lying under the bed.
A small girl is getting out of a toy car.
A small girl is riding in a toy car.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the couch.
A small group of people are standing and two are sitting on the sofa.
A small group of people is waiting to eat in a restaurant.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.
A small kid is playing with a green toy dog on the grass.
A small man is sitting in a military accessories store.
A small monkey is walking in the river.
A small monkey is walking through water.
A small shirtless boy is sliding into a green tube.
A small toy girl is in a riding car.
A small tree is being eaten by a baby elephant.
A small white dog is jumping up in the snow.
A small white dog is running across a lawn.
A small white dog is running in a lawn.
A smiling boy in summer clothes is standing still outside a building.
A smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside a building in the snow.
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man.
A snap is depicting some water falling in droplets on the dog.
A snow ball is being made by a child.
A snow slide is full of kids.
A snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow.
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail.
A snowboarder is grinding down a long rail.
A snowboarder is jumping off the snow.
A snowboarder is jumping through the air.
A snowboarding man is jumping through the air.
A snowboarding woman is jumping through the air.
A soccer ball is not rolling into a goal net.
A soccer ball is rolling into a goal net.
A soccer man is playing piano.
A soccer player is being tackled by his opponent.
A soccer player is kicking a ball into the goal.
A soccer player is kicking a ball out of the goal.
A soccer player is missing a goal.
A soccer player is scoring a goal.
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking beer.
A soccer player is sitting on the field and is drinking water.
A social climber is tying a man to a cliff with a rope.
A soda is being opened and drunk by a woman.
A song is being sung by a clown.
A sports uniform is being worn by a man who is running down the field.
A squirrel is crazily spinning around in circles.
A squirrel is lying down.
A squirrel is running around in circles.
A squirrel is running in circles.
A squirrel is spinning around in circles.
A steak is being rinsed with water by a person.
A stone woman and bicycle are on top of two purple columns, between which people are walking.
A strong person is leaving the whisk in the bowl near the eggs.
A stuntman on a bike is in the air near a body of water.
A surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a foamy wave.
A surfer in a white wetsuit is riding a foamy wave.
A surfer is falling off the wave.
A surfer is leaning on a surfboard.
A surfer is leaning the surfboard against a wall.
A surfer is riding a big wave.
A surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water.
A surfer is riding the wave.
A surfer is surfing a big wave.
A surfer is surfing a huge wave.
A surfer is surfing a small wave.
A talented man is playing the guitar.
A talk about an adult and a boy is given in the amphitheater.
A tan dog is jumping up and catching a tennis ball.
A tan dog is playing in the water on the bank of a pond.
A tan dog is resting in the snow.
A tan dog is resting near a brush.
A tan dog is running through the brush.
A tan dog is running through the snow.
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a pond.
A tan dog is splashing in the water on the bank of a river.
A tan dog which is dirty is rolling in the dirt and looking right at the camera.
A tan skinned child is looking at the camera.
A tan skinned kid is looking at the camera.
A tattoo is being drawn by the woman in the white sweater on the hand of a teenager.
A tattooed man is on a sofa and is holding a pencil.
A teenage girl is storing away beads that are red.
A teenage girl is wearing beads that are red.
A teenager is playing the guitar.
A tennis player in mid game is holding a racquet.
A tennis player in mid game is not holding a racquet.
A tennis player is jumping to the left.
A tennis player is lunging to the left.
A tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball.
A tennis player with a green headband is missing the ball.
A thin lady is piecing together oriental carrot cuts.
A tiger cub is making a sound.
A tiger cub is playing with a ball.
A tiger cub is roaring.
A tiger is aimlessly walking around.
A tiger is not walking around.
A tiger is pacing around a cage.
A tiger is sitting.
A tiger is strolling around.
A tiger is walking around.
A tiger is walking around a cage.
A tiger is walking around aimlessly.
A tiger is walking around with no aim.
A tiger is walking outside a cage.
A toddler is making a splash inside a blue paddling pool.
A toddler is making a splash outside a blue paddling pool.
A toddler is not riding a plastic scooter toy.
A toddler is playing with a plastic scooter toy.
A toddler is riding a plastic scooter toy.
A toddler is sitting down.
A toddler is sitting in a seat.
A toddler is standing up.
A tomato is being sliced by a woman.
A top violin player is standing on the roof over a man.
A topless boy has a clean face.
A topless girl is covered in paint.
A topless person with a back pack is in front of a pile of rocks and clouds are in the background.
A topless woman is being covered in mud.
A topless woman is being smeared with a brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background.
A topless woman is being smeared with brown substance and a nobody is in the background.
A tortilla is being folded by a person.
A tower is being looked at by a blonde lady.
A toy train is hitting a toy car.
A toy train is missing a toy car.
A toy train is striking a toy car.
A toy train is violently striking a toy car.
A tray is being buttered by a person.
A tree is being cut by a man with an axe.
A tree is being picked up by a man.
A tree is falling over a bridge made over the river which a dog is crossing.
A trick is being performed by a rollerblader on a ramp.
A truck is quickly going down a hill.
A truck is quickly going up a hill.
A trumpet is being played by a person.
A veteran is showing different things from a war to some people.
A violin is being played by a man.
A walker is in a hat store for men.
A waterfall is flowing calmly into a shallow pool.
A waterfall is flowing into a shallow pool.
A waterfall is flowing out of a shallow pool.
A wet boy is cheerfully jumping around on dirty and wet grass.
A wet boy is jumping around on dirty and wet grass.
A wet boy is standing still on dirty and wet grass.
A wet kid is wearing sand and is walking on a little hat.
A white and brown dog is pacing through the water with difficulty.
A white and brown dog is walking through the water with difficulty.
A white and tan dog is running through a field.
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass.
A white bike and a yellow bike are racing down the track.
A white bird is landing swiftly in the water.
A white bird is swiftly taking off from the water.
A white bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass.
A white car and a yellow car are racing down the track.
A white car is being driven by the man.
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window.
A white dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach.
A white dog is jumping from a dock into the water.
A white dog is leaping from a cylindrical hay bale.
A white dog is lying on fallen leaves.
A white dog is running across a rocky landscape.
A white dog is running through a snowy trail.
A white dog is standing in a lake.
A white dog is standing on a grassy hillside.
A white dog is standing on a hill covered by grass.
A white dog is standing on fallen leaves.
A white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a brown dog in the grass.
A white dog is wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and is playing with a dog with a brown coat in the grass.
A white dog on a leash is walking in the water.
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field.
A white dog with beige spots is speeding through a field.
A white hat is being worn by a boy which is running on the beach.
A white hat is being worn by an Arabic man.
A white horse is being ridden by a man in a blue cowboy hat.
A white horse is standing.
A white man is staging a hat and a playing guitar.
A white man is walking a dog through brown water with difficulty.
A white man is walking next to a building in a big city.
A white puppy is biting a pole.
A white race car is driving through a puddle.
A white racing vehicle is driving through a puddle.
A white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track.
A white woman is standing on a woman dressed in blue on a stage.
A wild deer is jumping a fence.
A wind instrument is being played by a girl.
A woman and a dog are peacefully sitting on a tree stump.
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump.
A woman and a dog are standing near a tree stump.
A woman and three men are denying a photo.
A woman and three men are posing for a photo.
A woman and three men are posing motionlessly for a photo.
A woman by a brick wall is wearing a mask around her mouth and a hair net.
A woman dressed in black is wearing inline skates and performing a trick on a rail.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking down.
A woman dressed in elegant clothing is inside a crowd of people and is looking up.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a cat on a leash at the beach.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the beach.
A woman in a bikini is pulling a dog on a leash at the seashore.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing in front of two men who are seated on a park bench.
A woman in a black dress is pulling a cart and is standing near two men who are seated on a park bench.
A woman in a black jersey is standing in a gym.
A woman in a black shirt is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag.
A woman in a black shirt is standing next to a fluorescent green bag.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is sitting outside a building.
A woman in a fur hat and fur coat is standing outside a building.
A woman in a pink shirt is surfing through yellow surfboards.
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns.
A woman in a red dress is playing an instrument.
A woman in a red dress is putting away an instrument.
A woman in a shirt dyed in black is sitting next to a fluorescent green bag.
A woman in a top which is purple is walking a bicycle between two stone columns.
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing beside a stage.
A woman in a white dress and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage.
A woman in a yellow dyed shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard.
A woman in a yellow shirt is surfing on a pink surfboard.
A woman in an orange shirt and clown makeup is standing in a park and others are looking on.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the hand.
A woman in blue has a yellow ball in the mitt.
A woman in blue is riding a horse on a dirt road.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a house made of stone.
A woman in blue jeans is standing in front of a group of children beside a stone built house.
A woman in blue shirt is looking at her hand near a stack of blocks on table.
A woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse.
A woman in jeans is standing near a horse with a saddle.
A woman in white clothing and a woman in a blue dress are standing on a stage.
A woman is absently peeling a potato.
A woman is adding ingredients to a big bowl.
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.
A woman is adding spices to some meat.
A woman is amalgamating eggs.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid.
A woman is arranging her hair.
A woman is beating the man that is keeping two eggs in the bowl, using a wire whisk .
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire.
A woman is being caged for the dance.
A woman is being carried by a man.
A woman is being handed volleyballs by another woman.
A woman is being kissed by a man.
A woman is being massaged by a man.
A woman is being measured by another woman.
A woman is being smeared with brown substance and a blurry crowd is in the background.
A woman is boiling eggs.
A woman is boiling noodles in water.
A woman is boiling shrimps.
A woman is bowling two eggs to a break dancer .
A woman is breaking eggs.
A woman is breaking two eggs in a bowl.
A woman is brushing her feet.
A woman is brushing her hand.
A woman is buttering a piece of bread.
A woman is carefully applying cosmetics to her eyelid.
A woman is carefully deboning a fish.
A woman is carefully pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it.
A woman is carefully removing her makeup.
A woman is chopping a red onion.
A woman is chopping an onion.
A woman is chopping broccoli.
A woman is chopping garlic.
A woman is chopping onions.
A woman is chopping up an octopus.
A woman is chopping up garlic.
A woman is cleaning a man's face.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp.
A woman is clumsily putting meat in a pan.
A woman is coating a pork chop.
A woman is collecting tap water in a mug.
A woman is collecting the water from a tap in a mug.
A woman is combing her hair.
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop.
A woman is cooking a pork chop which is breaded.
A woman is cooking an egg in a skillet.
A woman is cooking eggs.
A woman is cooking fish.
A woman is cooking food in a pot of hot water.
A woman is cooking prawns.
A woman is cooking something in a pan.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl.
A woman is cracking eggs.
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
A woman is cracking some eggs into a bowl.
A woman is cracking some eggs into a container.
A woman is cracking some eggs outside a bowl.
A woman is crouching and holding a camera.
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a little girl sitting on the sidewalk.
A woman is crouching down next to a dog and is smiling at a young girl sitting on the sidewalk.
A woman is cutting a carrot.
A woman is cutting a fish.
A woman is cutting a lemon.
A woman is cutting a potato.
A woman is cutting a tomato.
A woman is cutting a vegetable.
A woman is cutting a white onion.
A woman is cutting an octopus.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
A woman is cutting butter.
A woman is cutting fruit.
A woman is cutting garlic.
A woman is cutting meat.
A woman is cutting onions.
A woman is cutting potatoes.
A woman is cutting shrimps.
A woman is cutting some flowers.
A woman is cutting some meat into pieces.
A woman is cutting some plants.
A woman is cutting tofu.
A woman is dancing.
A woman is dancing alone.
A woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard.
A woman is dancing and singing alone.
A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women.
A woman is dancing beautifully in a cage.
A woman is dancing gracefully.
A woman is dancing in a cage.
A woman is dancing near a fire.
A woman is dancing near a fireplace.
A woman is dancing on a stage.
A woman is deboning a fish.
A woman is deep frying food.
A woman is dipping a prawn in batter.
A woman is dipping a shrimp in batter.
A woman is diving into a pool.
A woman is doing a skateboard trick on an outdoor park porch.
A woman is driving a car and is animatedly talking to the man who is seated beside her.
A woman is driving a car and is talking to the man who is seated beside her.
A woman is dropping a baby kangaroo from her arms.
A woman is drying eggs.
A woman is drying noodles.
A woman is eating a cake.
A woman is eating a cupcake.
A woman is eating a piece of meat.
A woman is eating zucchini and vegetables and scrubbing with a brush.
A woman is emptying the water from a mug.
A woman is exercising.
A woman is falling off a horse.
A woman is firing a rifle.
A woman is firing a weapon.
A woman is firing at target practice.
A woman is freeing a fish.
A woman is frying fish.
A woman is frying food.
A woman is frying meat.
A woman is frying some food.
A woman is frying something.
A woman is frying something in a pan.
A woman is getting rid of a flute.
A woman is gracefully dancing on a stage.
A woman is grating carrots.
A woman is ignoring a man.
A woman is jumping rope outside.
A woman is jumping with a bicycle.
A woman is leaning against a pole and is surrounded by people.
A woman is leaning on a racing motorcycle.
A woman is leaning on the ledge of a balcony.
A woman is looking at the view of a city.
A woman is looking curiously at a man.
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding dress.
A woman is looking down and is wearing a wedding veil.
A woman is looking into the distance and people are walking between buildings behind.
A woman is marching with a pair of dogs.
A woman is mixing eggs.
A woman is mixing the content of a bowl.
A woman is not boiling shrimps.
A woman is not chopping an onion.
A woman is not chopping garlic.
A woman is not cutting broccoli.
A woman is not cutting meat.
A woman is not cutting shrimps.
A woman is not cutting tofu.
A woman is not eating a cupcake.
A woman is not frying fish.
A woman is not frying meat.
A woman is not frying some food.
A woman is not peeling a potato.
A woman is not riding a horse.
A woman is not slicing a cucumber.
A woman is not slicing an octopus.
A woman is not slicing an onion.
A woman is not slicing carrots.
A woman is not slicing garlic.
A woman is not talking on a telephone.
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it.
A woman is painting a man's face.
A woman is parking a Seadoo.
A woman is parking a blue bicycle and is wearing lots of riding helmets.
A woman is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman is peeling food.
A woman is peeling the potato.
A woman is penciling on eyeshadow.
A woman is peppering green slices.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a bicycle.
A woman is performing a trick on a ramp with a car.
A woman is performing in the rain.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone path.
A woman is petting a dog near a stone trail.
A woman is picking a can.
A woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo in her arms.
A woman is picking up and holding a kangaroo, which is a baby, in her arms.
A woman is placing a bowl with a crack near an egg.
A woman is placing food in a pot of cold water.
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack.
A woman is placing two eggs into a pot of water.
A woman is planting some flowers.
A woman is playing a flute.
A woman is playing a guitar.
A woman is playing a guitar which is electric.
A woman is playing an electric guitar.
A woman is playing flute.
A woman is playing the drums.
A woman is playing the flute.
A woman is playing the keyboard and a man is dancing.
A woman is playing the trumpet.
A woman is playing the violin.
A woman is playing with a brown cat on a garden path.
A woman is playing with a brown dog in a garden.
A woman is playing with a brown dog on a garden path.
A woman is playing with two young boys at a park.
A woman is posing for three men for a photo.
A woman is pouring a mixture into a bowl and mixing it.
A woman is pouring eggs into a frying pan.
A woman is pouring eggs into a pan.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a bowl.
A woman is preparing a skillet for the eggs.
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet.
A woman is pulling some sticky goo out of a bowl.
A woman is putting a baby in a waste bin.
A woman is putting a child in a waste bin.
A woman is putting away a carrot.
A woman is putting away a potato.
A woman is putting away carrots.
A woman is putting away the garlic.
A woman is putting cosmetics on her eyelid.
A woman is putting down a flute.
A woman is putting down a lemon.
A woman is putting make-up on.
A woman is putting meat in a pan.
A woman is putting on a cloak, which is very large, and concealing an extravagant dress.
A woman is putting on eyeshadow.
A woman is putting on lipstick.
A woman is putting on makeup.
A woman is putting on makeup carefully.
A woman is putting on some makeup carefully,.
A woman is putting some sticky goo in a bowl.
A woman is putting the baby into a trash can.
A woman is putting two eggs into a pot of water.
A woman is receiving volleyballs.
A woman is refrigerating a potato.
A woman is removing cosmetics from her eyelid.
A woman is removing eggs from a frying pan.
A woman is removing ingredients from a bowl.
A woman is removing the peel of a potato.
A woman is resting her fingers on a table.
A woman is restraining the dog.
A woman is riding a Seadoo.
A woman is riding a brown horse.
A woman is riding a horse.
A woman is riding a scooter for water.
A woman is riding a scooter towards the water.
A woman is riding a water scooter.
A woman is riding an animal.
A woman is riding on an elephant.
A woman is rock climbing, pausing and calculating the route.
A woman is rocking over a blanket lying on someone reading a book.
A woman is rowing a boat.
A woman is running on the beach with a dog on a leash.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a brush for vegetables.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush.
A woman is seasoning a ham.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.
A woman is serving volleyballs over a net.
A woman is severing the toe of an empty leather boot with a sword.
A woman is sewing with a machine.
A woman is shooting at target practice.
A woman is showing a dog with very long hair at a dog show.
A woman is showing a dog with very short hair at a dog show.
A woman is showing a puppy to an infant.
A woman is showing a small cat to an infant.
A woman is showing a small dog to an infant.
A woman is silent and is leaving a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge.
A woman is singing into a microphone.
A woman is sitting and looking at the waterfall.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel.
A woman is sitting on the grass and is drinking from a water bottle.
A woman is sitting wearing swim gear.
A woman is skiing down a hill and over a red obstacle.
A woman is skillfully playing a flute.
A woman is sleeping.
A woman is slicing a big pepper.
A woman is slicing a carrot.
A woman is slicing a clove of garlic.
A woman is slicing a cucumber.
A woman is slicing a fish.
A woman is slicing a green pepper.
A woman is slicing a pepper which is big.
A woman is slicing a pepper which is green.
A woman is slicing a potato.
A woman is slicing a tomato.
A woman is slicing a vegetable.
A woman is slicing an eggplant.
A woman is slicing an octopus.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A woman is slicing butter.
A woman is slicing carrots.
A woman is slicing garlic.
A woman is slicing herbs.
A woman is slicing meat with a knife.
A woman is slicing meat with a sharp knife.
A woman is slicing potatoes.
A woman is slicing some meat.
A woman is slicing tofu.
A woman is slicing vegetables.
A woman is snowboarding down a railing in the snow.
A woman is snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her.
A woman is speaking from a ledge and is keeping her cell phone inside a purse that is inside a yellow bag.
A woman is speaking loudly on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge.
A woman is speaking on her cell phone and is keeping a purse and a yellow bag on the near ledge.
A woman is squeezing a lemon.
A woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon.
A woman is staging a dance.
A woman is standing and isn't looking at the waterfall.
A woman is standing at dusk on an almost pristine, snowy road, that is lit only by headlights.
A woman is standing at the beach with a dog on a leash.
A woman is standing at the beach with an animal on a leash.
A woman is standing at the wheel of a classic American car that has its door and trunk open.
A woman is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall.
A woman is standing near three children.
A woman is standing still and a man is sitting and idling.
A woman is standing with a pair of dogs.
A woman is storing broccoli.
A woman is stroking a lemur.
A woman is surfing.
A woman is swiftly cutting an onion.
A woman is swiftly snowboarding down an incline and another woman is standing behind her.
A woman is tailing a pony near a rock climbing wall.
A woman is taking a can.
A woman is taking a mixture out of a bowl.
A woman is taking eggs out of a bowl.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress.
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing extravagant apparel.
A woman is taking off eyeshadow.
A woman is taking two eggs out of a pot of water.
A woman is talking on a telephone.
A woman is talking on a telephonic device.
A woman is talking to a man.
A woman is tapping her fingers.
A woman is tapping her fingers nervously.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a desk.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table.
A woman is thinking of a man.
A woman is throwing a potato peel.
A woman is throwing volleyballs over a net.
A woman is turning her back from the view of a city.
A woman is unstitching with a machine.
A woman is using a machine made for sewing.
A woman is using a pencil for eyes and is applying eye liner to her eyelid.
A woman is using a sewing machine.
A woman is using an eye pencil and is applying eye liner to her eyelid.
A woman is vigorously breaking two eggs in a bowl..
A woman is wakeboarding on a lake.
A woman is walking in a city street.
A woman is walking in a road.
A woman is walking off a stage.
A woman is walking the dog down the street.
A woman is walking with a pair of dogs.
A woman is washing a big pepper.
A woman is washing her feet.
A woman is watching the lake.
A woman is wearing a beret and is riding the bicycle on a recreation trail.
A woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot.
A woman is wearing a blue shirt and walking barefoot on a tennis court.
A woman is wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching.
A woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry.
A woman is wearing a long black coat and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees.
A woman is wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat and is walking past a park with a lot of blooming trees.
A woman is wearing a shirt, which is blue, with a white vest and a white cap and is talking and marching.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian hat on her head.
A woman is wearing an Egyptian headdress.
A woman is wearing an Indian headdress.
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range.
A woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an outdoor shooting range.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a busy street.
A woman is wearing paint and costume pieces and is riding a bike on a empty street.
A woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands.
A woman on a boulder is lying on a blanket and reading a book.
A woman on a motorcycle is going around a corner.
A woman on a rock is lying on a blanket and reading a book.
A woman on a rock is standing and looking around.
A woman wearing a blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others dressed in the same fashion.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a dog.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to a man.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and high heels is standing on the sidewalk next to the man.
A woman wearing casual clothing is keeping her mouth closed and is near other people dressed differently.
A woman who is taking off a pink boa is stopping her bicycle on a bridge built for pedestrians.
A woman who is wearing a pink boa is riding a bicycle down a bridge built for pedestrians.
A woman who is wearing a pink scarf is riding a bike down a bridge built for pedestrians.
A woman with a ponytail is climbing a wall of rock.
A woman with a ponytail is climbing down a wall of rock.
A woman with blond hair is sitting on the roof of a yellow vehicle and two people are inside.
A woman with pigtails is climbing a rock wall.
A woman, who is old, is far from a white dog.
A woman, who is old, is near a dog that has a white coat.
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog.
A woman, who is seated, is singing a song and playing the guitar.
A woman, who is shoeless, is sitting on a blanket under a lavender umbrella.
A woman, who is young and Asian, with gloves colored in pink, is standing in the snow.
A wooden flute is being played by a man.
A yellow cat is chasing a ball.
A yellow dog is chasing a ball.
A yellow dog is drinking water from the faucet.
A yellow dog is not drinking water from the faucet.
A yellow dog is running down a path covered by sand.
A yellow dog is running down a sandy path.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a sunny day.
A yellow dog is running on white snow on a very sunny day.
A yellow dog is running up a sandy path.
A yellow dog is stopping on white snow on a sunny day.
A yellow flower is being clung to by a bee.
A yellow kayak is being ridden by a man and a young boy.
A yellow palm is in front of a building and one dark skinned male is standing next to it.
A young Asian woman with pink gloves is standing in the snow.
A young black child is standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets.
A young black child is waiting on the edge of a body of water near some buckets.
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a fence made of wood.
A young boy covered in grass is jumping near a wooden fence.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the lawn.
A young boy in a helmet is riding a bike on the road.
A young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water.
A young boy is diving into a still lake.
A young boy is jumping and covering nearby wooden fence with grass.
A young boy is jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread.
A young boy is jumping into a still lake.
A young boy is jumping into water.
A young boy is jumping off a chair.
A young boy is jumping onto a chair.
A young boy is jumping out of the water.
A young boy is playing a guitar.
A young boy is playing a wind instrument.
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother.
A young boy is quickly jumping off a chair.
A young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud.
A young boy is singing and playing a guitar.
A young boy is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race.
A young boy is using sign language.
A young boy is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swim goggles on her head.
A young boy isn't climbing a wall made of rock.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping into a blue kiddies pool.
A young boy wearing a red swimsuit is jumping out of a blue kiddies pool.
A young boy with a bib is watching the camera.
A young boy with a heart tank top is raising his hands as he is sliding.
A young boy with painted face is standing next to some other children.
A young child dressed for cold weather is standing outside.
A young child is barefoot and is walking past a puddle full of mud.
A young child is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors.
A young child is lying down on a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves.
A young child is riding a bike on a rough dirt path.
A young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk.
A young child is running down a gravel road that is covered with dead leaves.
A young child is running down a road made of gravel that is covered with dead leaves.
A young child is running outside over the fallen leaves.
A young child is splashing in the water.
A young child is standing in front of some trees.
A young child is under a rock climbing wall which is indoors.
A young child is walking with a bike on a rough dirt path.
A young child is watering a plant with splashes.
A young child is wearing a white coat and playing a game.
A young child is wearing boots made of green rubber and playing in a puddle full of mud.
A young child is wearing green boots and playing in a puddle full of mud.
A young child with black hair is deleting a picture from the camera.
A young child with black hair is taking a picture with a camera.
A young child with hair of black color is taking a picture with a camera.
A young climber is making a rock wall for the boys.
A young couple is lying in bed.
A young couple is lying on a bed together.
A young couple is lying on a couch together.
A young couple is not lying in bed.
A young couple is sleeping in bed.
A young female is dancing.
A young gamer is playing with a child wearing a white coat.
A young girl by a pink sign is holding up a blue shirt and is walking on the sidewalk.
A young girl in a bikini is jumping on the beach.
A young girl in a bikini is sitting on the beach.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping in the air.
A young girl in a blue leotard is jumping on the ground.
A young girl in a blue shirt is walking on the sidewalk and holding up a pink sign.
A young girl in a coat made for winter is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach.
A young girl in a leotard colored in blue is jumping in the air.
A young girl in a winter coat is jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach.
A young girl in blue is jumping in the air.
A young girl in swimming suite is jumping on the beach.
A young girl is dancing.
A young girl is jumping into a still lake.
A young girl is jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
A young girl is looking at a woman in costume.
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is not watching her.
A young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her.
A young girl is sitting in a swimsuit.
A young girl is sitting in swimming gear.
A young girl is standing challengingly on one leg.
A young girl is standing in a group and is wearing a black shirt and pink beads.
A young girl is standing on both legs.
A young girl is standing on one leg.
A young girl is standing still.
A young girl is using sign language.
A young girl is wearing a blue patterned swim suit, a black and yellow swim cap and has blue swimming goggles on her head.
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is playing on a slide.
A young girl with a heart tank top is raising her hands as she is sliding.
A young girl with painted face is standing next to some other children.
A young kid is climbing a rock climbing wall which is indoors.
A young kid is jumping into water.
A young lady in a bikini is lying on the beach.
A young lady in a bikini is standing on the beach.
A young lady with light brown hair is wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and is smiling.
A young man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean.
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs.
A young man is getting a motocross bike up a dirt hill.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike down a dirt hill.
A young man is pushing a motocross bike up a dirt hill.
A young man is running away from the fishing line.
A young man is sitting in swimming gear.
A young man is sitting on a bench.
A young man is talking to a leaf.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a masonry pyramid.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping off a pyramid.
A young man on a bmx bicycle is jumping on a masonry pyramid.
A young man with brown hair and shades is sitting in front of some cans of soda.
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses is sitting in front of some cans of soda.
A young mother is playing with her boy in the park.
A young occidental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel.
A young oriental girl is standing above people and is playing with a pinwheel.
A young oriental girl is standing above the crowd and is playing with a pinwheel.
A young person in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs.
A young swimmer is sitting in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race.
A young swimmer is standing in a bathing suit and waiting for the next race.
A young white child is not standing on the edge of a body of water near some buckets.
A young woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach.
A young woman is getting a tattoo on her hand.
A young woman is playing the guitar.
A young woman is shaking hands with a man.
A young woman with Indian clothing and henna on her hand is going through paperwork.
A young, topless woman is covered in paint.
ATVs are being driven by three people.
Adults and children are standing and playing in front of steps near a desert area.
Adults and children standing and playing in front of a stair near a wooded area.
Adults and children standing and playing in front of steps near a wooded area.
Along two streets, different breeds of dogs are being looked at.
An American footballer is wearing the red and white strip.
An Arabic man is wearing a white hat.
An Arabic man isn't wearing a white hat.
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking.
An Asian woman in a crowd is carrying a black bag.
An Asian woman in a crowd is not carrying a black bag.
An Asian woman in in the midst of many people is carrying a black bag.
An Asian woman is holding a fur scarf.
An Egyptian is wearing a woman's headdress.
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking seriously to a boy.
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy.
An aircraft is taking off.
An airplane is being stationed on the ground.
An airplane is flying through the air.
An airplane is swiftly flying through the air.
An airplane is taking off.
An alligator is being patted on the mouth by a man.
An angry man is targeting a kicking chimp.
An animal is barking at a ball.
An animal is being ridden by a woman.
An animal is biting a person's finger.
An animal is biting somebody's hand.
An animal is biting someone's finger.
An animal is crawling under a piece of furniture.
An animal is emerging from a lake.
An animal is jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves.
An animal is looking around.
An animal is playing with a small bottle.
An animal is resting.
An animal is riding a skateboard.
An animal is rolling from side to side in a garden.
An animal is running around in circles.
An animal is running in circles.
An animal is running tiredly in circles.
An animal is swimming in a body of water.
An animated airplane is landing.
An animated airplane is taking off.
An egg is being cracked into a bowl by a woman.
An eggplant is being sliced by a woman.
An elder man is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants.
An elderly man is sitting on a bench.
An elderly woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants.
An electronic keyboard is being played by a man.
An electronic man is held as a device.
An elegant woman is inside a crowd of people and is looking down.
An elephant is being ridden by a woman.
An email is being read by a man.
An ice skater is outdoors performing on a rink full of people.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is empty.
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people.
An inflatable crocodile is being pushed by two kids in a pool.
An instrument is being played by a woman in a red dress.
An interview is being granted by the man.
An octopus is being sliced by a woman.
An officer is listening to the recruits.
An officer is talking to the recruits.
An officer is talking to the soldiers.
An old man in a white shirt and gold and black hat is sitting with crossed legs.
An old man is sitting in a field.
An old man is talking to a leaf.
An old man with a beard that is grey is riding a bike.
An old man with a grey beard is not riding a bike.
An old man with a grey beard is riding a bike.
An old person is sitting on a bench.
An old woman is carrying a lot of colorful scarves on the beach.
An old woman is shaking hands with a man.
An old woman is shirtless and is clumsily dropping two newspapers.
An old woman is wearing a rose patterned shirt and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.
An old woman is wearing a shirt with a rose pattern upon it and is clumsily carrying two newspapers.
An old, topless woman is covered in paint.
An older man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the ocean.
An older man and a woman are riding bikes on the boardwalk near the water.
An onion is being chopped.
An onion is being cut by a man.
An onion is being cut by a woman.
An onion is being sliced.
An onion is being sliced by a man.
An onion is being sliced by a person.
An onion is being sliced by a woman.
An onion is being sliced by the woman.
An onion is being sliced with a knife by the woman.
An onion is not being sliced.
An opponent is tackling a soccer player.
An orange pepper is being diced up by a person.
An oriental man and two women are facing a camera.
An oriental man and two women are in front of a camera.
An oriental man and two women are turning their backs to the camera.
An woman that is old is shaking hands with a man.
Animals are playing in fountains that spray water from the ground.
Bikers are riding on a trail.
Blue and black pants are being worn by the motocross rider.
Boys are dancing in front of some people.
Boys are dangling from straps and kicking at each other.
Boys are not dancing in front of some people.
Bread is being sliced by the man.
Broccoli are being cut by a woman.
Broccoli is being chopped by a woman.
Butter is being chopped into a container by a man.
Carrots are being grated by a woman.
Carrots are being sliced by a woman.
Cereal is being eaten by the man.
Children are being dressed in costumes and playing a game.
Children are playing in a fountain that is spraying water from the ground.
Children are playing in ground fountains.
Children are playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass.
Children are surrounding a girl in a brown dress who is closing her eyes.
Children covered by leaves are playing with red shirts.
Children in red shirts are playing in the leaves.
Children in red shirts are sleeping in the leaves.
Children in swimming suits are not playing in the water.
Children in swimming suits are playing in the pool.
Children in swimming suits are playing in the water.
Chopped vegetables are being dropped into a pot on the stove by a person.
Different football players are teaming on a field.
Different teams are playing football on a field.
Different teams are playing football on the field.
Different teams are resting on a field.
Different things from a war are being shown to some people by a veteran.
Dirt bikers are not riding on a trail.
Dirt bikers are riding on a trail.
Dogs are racing on a track.
Dogs are running on a track.
Dough is being spread by a man.
Drinking milk helps a cat's hunger.
Drinks are being held by people pointing at the camera.
Eggs are being boiled by a woman.
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by a woman.
Eggs are being cracked into a bowl by the woman.
Eggs are being strongly whisked in a bowl by a person.
Eyeshadow is being put on by a woman.
Ferrets are climbing down from a shelf.
Ferrets are climbing up a shelf.
Few men like pouring tomato oil.
Few people are eating at red tables in a restaurant without lights.
Fish is being cooked by a woman.
Fish is being fried by a woman.
Five adults are sitting on a chair.
Five adults are sitting on steps made of stone.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps.
Five children are standing in a wooden hut.
Five children are standing in front of a hut made of wood.
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut.
Five kids are standing close together and none of the kids has a gun.
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a gun.
Five kids are standing close together and one kid has a weapon.
Five people are running with three dogs in the green field beside the road.
Five people are standing in the grass with no dogs.
Five people are standing in the grass with some dogs.
Five people are standing in the grass with three dogs.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the green field beside the road.
Five people are standing with three dogs in the park beside the road.
Five wooden stands are in front of each child's hut.
Food is being deep fried by a woman.
Football is being played by two competing teams.
Football players in red and white are jumping and hugging each other.
Four athletes are with a man in a crowded stadium.
Four athletes are with a person in a crowded stadium.
Four athletes are with a woman in a crowded stadium.
Four boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball.
Four children are doing backbends in the gym.
Four children are doing backbends in the park.
Four dogs are not playing in a grassy area.
Four dogs are playing in a area covered by grass.
Four dogs are playing in a grassy area.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing in the garden.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing indoors.
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors.
Four kids are doing backbends in the park.
Four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy, are climbing on the grotto with a pink interior.
Four people are difficultly walking with difficulty across thick snow and the sun is setting.
Four people are floating on a raft.
Four people are performing music outdoors.
Four people are silently standing outdoors.
Four people are sitting on a bridge over a body of water.
Four people are sitting on a low cement ledge.
Four people are standing in thick snow and the sun is rising.
Four people are standing on a low cement ledge.
Four people are walking across thick snow and the sun is setting.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is not talking on a cell phone.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is phoning someone.
Four people are walking along a city sidewalk and the one in the green hat is talking on a cell phone.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a body of water.
Four people are walking on a bridge over a river.
Four people are walking on the beach.
Four young men are exploding and a car is standing still behind them.
Four young men are running away and a car is staying put behind them.
Four young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them.
Garlic is being chopped by a woman.
Garlic is being diced by the woman.
Grass is being mowed by a man.
Guitar is being played by a man.
Guitar is being played by two men.
Hay is being eaten by a cow.
Ingredients are being poured into a bowl by a woman.
It is raining on a walking man.
It is snowing on two playing dogs.
Kids are being dressed in costumes and playing a game.
Kids are not dressed in costumes and playing a game.
Kids in red shirts are playing in the leaves.
Little boys are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of few people.
Little kids are playing in a water fountain in front of lots of people.
Makeup is being put on the man by the woman.
Many cheerleaders are walking in a parade.
Many people are skating in an ice park.
Masked people are looking in the same direction in a forest.
Men are cutting wood.
Men are running a race.
Men are sawing.
Men are sawing logs.
Men in costumes are walking around in the street.
Milk is a kitten's drink.
Mimes are performing on a small stage.
Mimes are performing on a stage.
Motorbikes are being ridden by two people.
Mud is being thrown to the playing boy.
Mud is covering a topless woman.
Music is being performed by four people outdoors.
No dog is emerging from a lake.
No dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind.
No dog is jumping in the shade of some trees.
No dog is running through the snow.
No girl with a bikini is playing in the dunes.
No group of people is gathering at a stand at the fair.
No lady is standing on the street and is surrounded by school children.
No little dog is running on the sand.
No motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike.
No motorcycle rider is standing up on the seat of a motorcycle.
No onion is being cut by a man.
No people are riding camels at the beach.
No people is sitting around a fire at night.
No person is hiking.
No race car is on a road in front of a grassy parking area.
No skateboarder is jumping in the air.
No skateboarder is making a jump off a ramp.
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man.
No surfer is riding a big wave across dark green water.
No young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk.
Nobody in snowsuits is lying in the snow and making snow angels.
Nobody is beating an egg.
Nobody is brushing a cat.
Nobody is cooking okra in a pan.
Nobody is cutting a capsicum into pieces.
Nobody is dangling from straps and kicking at each other.
Nobody is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill.
Nobody is feeding an animal.
Nobody is fighting in a cow pasture.
Nobody is fist fighting in a ring.
Nobody is floating on a raft.
Nobody is folding a piece of paper.
Nobody is holding a hedgehog.
Nobody is in front of the colorful building.
Nobody is in the snow wearing clothes that provide camouflage.
Nobody is jumping off a platform.
Nobody is on a motorcycle and is standing on the seat.
Nobody is performing a card trick.
Nobody is playing on a trampoline.
Nobody is playing ping pong.
Nobody is playing the guitar.
Nobody is playing the guitar and singing.
Nobody is playing with a toad.
Nobody is pouring ingredients into a pot.
Nobody is practicing water safety and wearing preservers.
Nobody is riding a bike.
Nobody is riding the bicycle on one wheel.
Nobody is rinsing a steak with water.
Nobody is sitting comfortably on the bench.
Nobody is sitting in the chairs and watching the ocean.
Nobody is slicing a piece of bread.
Nobody is slicing a tomato.
Nobody is standing in the ocean and watching the sunset.
Nobody is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon.
Nobody is stirring noodles in the water.
Nobody is treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape.
Noodles are being boiled in water by a woman.
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park.
Not everyone is able to walk a lion.
Oil is being poured into a skillet by a man.
Oil is being poured into a skillet by the woman.
Oil is being poured into the pan by the woman.
Okra is being cooked in a pan.
One bearded man is standing by a shopping cart and is holding a cardboard sign.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is diving into the water.
One boy in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other boy in black shorts is jumping of it into the water.
One boy is happily playing a piano.
One brown and black dog is running through the leaves.
One cat is playing with a watermelon.
One chimp is angrily kicking the target.
One climber is holding a rock and another man is roping a wall.
One fish is swimming .
One girl in orange shorts is standing on a rock cliff over the water and the other girl in black shorts is jumping off into the water.
One girl is jumping off a rock and another is standing on it.
One girl is jumping on the car.
One herd of deer is crossing the street.
One little boy with brown hair is jumping off of the brown chair onto the floor.
One man in a big city is holding up a sign and begging for money.
One man is chatting with a girl with an internet camera.
One man is chopping a log with an axe.
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope.
One man is climbing a rock wall and another man is holding a rope.
One man is climbing a wall made of rock and another man is holding a rope.
One man is climbing the cliff with a rope.
One man is dancing.
One man is descending a cliff with a rope.
One man is doing a bicycle trick in midair.
One man is doing a trick with a bicycle in midair.
One man is doing a wheelie on the mountain bike.
One man is doing floor exercises.
One man is eating some food.
One man is feeding a mouse to the snake.
One man is intensely playing a guitar.
One man is jumping off a rock wall and another man is dropping a rope.
One man is leading the race.
One man is passionately playing the guitar.
One man is playing the guitar.
One man is powering the microwave.
One man is riding a horse.
One man is running down the road.
One man is sitting on the chair.
One man is sitting steadily on the chair.
One man is standing on the top of the rocks with clouds behind them.
One man is talking to a girl with an internet camera.
One man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean.
One man is turning off the microwave.
One man is turning on the microwave.
One man is wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle.
One panda is climbing.
One panda is eating a bamboo cane.
One person is cutting an onion.
One person is playing the guitar and singing.
One person is riding a bicycle in the sand beside the ocean.
One person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces.
One person is standing in a vast field of glacial ice.
One person pours oil on a few tomatoes.
One person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air.
One small child is drinking water from the cup.
One small child is filling the cup with water.
One small child is greedily drinking water from the cup.
One truck is quickly going down the hill.
One white dog and one black one are cheerfully running side by side on the grass.
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass.
One white dog and one black one are sitting side by side on the grass.
One white dog is standing on the leaves on the ground.
One white dog is staring at the black street.
One woman is beating two eggs in the bowl and using a whisk made of wire.
One woman is denying the volleyballs to another woman.
One woman is handing volleyballs to another woman.
One woman is peeling a potato.
One woman is playing a flute.
One woman is practicing with a flute.
One woman is sitting and looks at the waterfall.
One woman is slowly peeling a potato.
One woman is wakeboarding on the lake.
One young boy is climbing a wall made of rock.
One young child is running outside over some fallen leaves.
One young lady is jumping on the car.
Onions are being sliced by the person.
Orange juice is being drunk by a man who is walking on a sunny day.
Paper and scissors both cut.
Paper is being cut with scissors.
Pasta is being put into a dish by a woman.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a big city.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in a small city.
Pedestrians and cars are moving through a traffic jam in the big city.
People are clustered around a bonfire at morning.
People are clustered around a bonfire at night.
People are crossing a rope bridge over a rocky stream.
People are dangling from straps and kicking at each other.
People are far from a beach full of sand by the ocean and are suffering from the sunny day.
People are grouping at a stand at the fair.
People are looking at some costumes gathered in the vicinity of the forest.
People are not playing cricket.
People are not riding and paddling a raft.
People are not walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream.
People are not walking through a crowded street.
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a day full of sun.
People are on a beach full of sand by the ocean and are enjoying a sunny day.
People are paddling near a raft that is being ridden.
People are playing cricket.
People are riding and paddling a raft.
People are riding two camels at the beach.
People are riding two camels on the sand.
People are singing and a clown is dancing.
People are sitting against a wall.
People are sitting around a bonfire at night.
People are sitting at round tables in a red room.
People are sitting at square tables in a red room.
People are sitting at tables in a red room.
People are sitting near a wall.
People are walking.
People are walking across a rope bridge over a rocky stream.
People are walking inside a building that has many murals on it.
People are walking outside a building that has many murals on it.
People are walking outside the building that has several murals on it.
People are walking through a crowd in the street.
People are walking through a crowded street.
People are walking through a street which is crowded.
People at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars.
People at a drag race are running away from the flames that are coming out of the cars.
People in costumes are sitting in the street.
People in costumes are walking around in the street.
People is standing against a wall.
People wearing costumes are gathering in a forest and are looking in the same direction.
People wearing costumes are scattering in a forest and are looking in different directions.
Pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer.
Pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf aren't to be worn by women with silver pants or bike riding people.
Potatoes are being sliced by a man.
Potatoes are being sliced by a woman.
Preservers are being worn by a group of people who are practicing water safety.
Racers are running down a track.
Recruits are talking to an officer.
Rollerbladers are not rolling in formation down a hill.
Rollerbladers are rolling in formation down a hill.
Rollerbladers are running in formation down a hill.
Rugby is being played by some men.
Rugby players are not tackling each other.
Rugby players are tackling each other.
Runners are competing in a race.
Runners are not taking part in the race.
Runners are racing down a track.
Runners are racing in a competition.
Seasoning is being added to the water by the man.
Several boys are jumping on a trampoline.
Several children are lying down and are raising their knees.
Several children are sitting down and have their knees raised.
Several children are standing up.
Several ferrets are climbing into the cage.
Several ferrets are climbing out of the cage.
Several jumpers are swimming in the water.
Several kids are jumping on a trampoline.
Several old people are posing for a photo and holding beers.
Several people are crossing in line a bridge.
Several people are gathered around a fire at night.
Several people are in front of a building which is covered by colors.
Several people are in front of a colorful building.
Several people are not walking in line across a bridge.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
Several people are sitting at little tables in a darkened room.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a darkened room.
Several people are sitting at small tables in a light room.
Several people are walking in line across a bridge.
Several swimmers are dashing into the water.
Several swimmers are jumping into the water.
Several swimmers are jumping out of the water.
Several women are taking off pink bunny ears and are pointing to the left.
Several women are wearing pink bunny ears and are pointing to the right.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding beers.
Several young people are posing for a photo and holding drinks.
Sign language is being used by a young girl.
Skewers are being placed onto a rack by a woman.
Small children are climbing a statue in a park.
Small children are getting off a statue in a park.
Small kids are climbing a statue in a park.
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal.
Some adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean.
Some animals are playing wildly in the water.
Some bamboo is being eaten by a panda bear.
Some bells are ringing near a cook slicing peppers.
Some bikers are doing acrobatics on a track near water and a skyline.
Some bikers are getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline.
Some bikers are not getting airborne on a track near water and a skyline.
Some boys are in front of dancing people.
Some boys are jumping off a platform.
Some boys are kneeling next to each other in front of a ball.
Some boys are playing on a trampoline.
Some boys being dressed with a carpet are sitting on two red tuxedos .
Some cameras are being burned by a person with a blow torch.
Some cats are playing with each other.
Some cheerleaders are dancing.
Some cheerleaders are relaxing.
Some cheerleaders are taking a break.
Some cheers are being performed by the girl in the blue and white uniform.
Some cheese is being put on a pizza by a man.
Some children are jumping off a trampoline.
Some children are jumping on a trampoline.
Some children are not playing on a playground.
Some children are playing on a playground.
Some children are playing on a statue.
Some children are wearing black tights and hopping.
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small.
Some dangerous men with knives are throwing a bike against a tree.
Some dogs are not playing in a stream.
Some dogs are playing in a river.
Some dogs are playing in a stream.
Some ferrets are climbing down from a shelf.
Some fish are swimming.
Some fish are swimming quickly.
Some food is being eaten by a man.
Some food is being fried by a woman.
Some food is being prepared by a chef.
Some football players in red and white are jumping and hugging.
Some furious racers on the green grass are yelling at the horses jumping an obstacle.
Some girls in their teens are dancing for the camera.
Some green boots in a puddle full of mud are targeted by a playful young child wearing a scarf.
Some horses are racing furiously over the green grass and jumping an obstacle.
Some horses are resting on the green grass.
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person.
Some ingredients are being separated in a bowl by a person.
Some instruments are being played by a band.
Some kids are playing on a playground.
Some kittens are eating.
Some kittens are hungry.
Some liquid is being poured into a pan by a man.
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman.
Some meat is being stitched together by a woman.
Some men are fighting.
Some men are idling.
Some men are playing rugby.
Some men are resting.
Some men are running a race.
Some men are sawing.
Some men are staring at the big green hills in the distance.
Some men in the distance are staring at three big hills.
Some milk is being hungrily drunk by a cat.
Some oil is being poured on the tomatoes by the man.
Some old dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill.
Some old women are talking.
Some onions are being cut by a person.
Some paper is being cut.
Some people and cars are on a crowded street.
Some people and vehicles are on a almost empty street.
Some people and vehicles are on a crowded street.
Some people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage.
Some people are playing cricket.
Some people are silent.
Some people are singing.
Some people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books.
Some people are sitting on a low cement ledge.
Some people are sitting on the ground outside a monument.
Some people are standing.
Some people are treading through the snow of the beautiful snowy landscape.
Some people are treading through the snow of the landscape which is beautiful and snowy.
Some people are walking.
Some people at a drag race are looking at the flames that are coming out of the cars.
Some people is looking at sound equipment.
Some people playing rugby are tackling each other.
Some people who play soccer are kicking a soccer ball into the goal.
Some persons are riding and paddling a raft.
Some persons are singing.
Some pieces of butter are being added to the stand mixer.
Some racers are running down a track.
Some racers are swimming in a lake.
Some runners are competing in a race.
Some sliced tofu is being eaten by a woman.
Some sticky goo is being pulled out of a bowl by a woman.
Some students in uniforms are listening attentively at the front of the class.
Some swimmers are getting out of a lake.
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.
Some teenage girls are standing still in front of the camera.
Some tofu is being sliced by one woman.
Some water is being casually drunk by a cat.
Some water is being drunk by a cat.
Some women are cheerfully dancing.
Some women are dancing.
Some women are dancing and singing .
Some women are holding each other in a circle and dancing.
Some women are not talking.
Some women are sitting together near woven walls.
Some women are talking.
Some young bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill.
Some young dirt bikers are getting a dirt bike up a sandy hill.
Some young men are standing still and a car is exploding behind them.
Somebody is beating an egg.
Somebody is boiling okra in a pot.
Somebody is cutting a tomato.
Somebody is folding a piece of paper.
Somebody is jumping in the air on a board.
Somebody is leaping in the air on a board.
Somebody is playing the guitar.
Somebody is playing the piano.
Somebody is pouring tomato oil on the man.
Somebody is sitting at the waterfall and looking at a woman.
Somebody is standing on a mountain top.
Somebody is typing on the keyboard.
Someone is adding ingredients to a pot.
Someone is banging a camera lens against a nail.
Someone is banging the lens of a camera against a nail.
Someone is beating an egg.
Someone is beautifully playing the piano.
Someone is being boiled with okra in a pot.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.
Someone is checking the email.
Someone is cleaning an animal.
Someone is cleansing an animal.
Someone is cooking okra in a pan.
Someone is cutting a tomato.
Someone is cutting some paper with scissors.
Someone is dirtying an animal.
Someone is dismantling a piano.
Someone is drawing a person.
Someone is drilling a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill.
Someone is dropping the meat into a pan.
Someone is falling off a horse.
Someone is falling off the horse.
Someone is feeding an animal.
Someone is folding a piece of paper.
Someone is giving food to an animal.
Someone is holding a hedgehog.
Someone is holding a small animal.
Someone is making a hole in a strip of wood with a drill.
Someone is nailing a camera lens with loud bangs.
Someone is not playing piano.
Someone is not putting ingredients into a wok.
Someone is not reading the email.
Someone is not stirring chili in a kettle.
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat.
Someone is on a horse.
Someone is peeling a banana.
Someone is playing a piano.
Someone is playing piano.
Someone is playing the guitar.
Someone is playing with a frog.
Someone is playing with a toad.
Someone is pouring ingredients into a pot.
Someone is putting away a keyboard.
Someone is putting ingredients into a pan.
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok.
Someone is putting the guitar away.
Someone is reading the email.
Someone is removing the peel of a banana.
Someone is scratching the back of an animal.
Someone is scratching the belly of an animal.
Someone is singing about a man who plays the guitar.
Someone is slicing a tomato.
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon.
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle.
Someone is stirring chili in a pot.
Someone is stirring food in the water.
Someone is stirring noodles in the water.
Someone is stroking the belly of an animal.
Someone is strumming the guitar.
Someone is taking the okra out of a pot.
Someone is typing.
Someone is typing on a keyboard.
Someone is writing.
Someone on a perch is looking at a small wooden cat that is on a white cabinet outside the window .
Something is being celebrated by a cold cyclist.
Something is being fried by a woman.
Sunglasses are being worn by a boy.
Swimmers are racing in a lake.
Tambourines are being played by a group of children.
The American footballer is not wearing a red and white strip.
The American footballer is wearing a red and white strip.
The Jockeys are racing horses on the field, which is completely green.
The Jockeys are riding horses on the field, which is completely green.
The Jockeys are slowing down their horses on the field, which is completely green.
The adult is playing the guitar loudly.
The adults and children are being gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement.
The adults and children are being grouped near an outdoor seating arrangement.
The adults and children are not gathered near an outdoor seating arrangement.
The air is tricking a performing cyclist.
The animal is grazing on the grass.
The animal with big eyes is eating.
The animal with big eyes is sleeping.
The animal with big eyes is voraciously eating.
The baby is being put into a trash can by a woman.
The baby is crawling happily.
The baby is laughing and crawling.
The baby is laughing and toddling.
The baby is not laughing and crawling.
The back of a small black dog is being sniffed by the brown dog.
The backyard light is playing tricks in the dark on the brown and black dog.
The badger is burrowing a hole.
The badger isn't burrowing a hole.
The ball is being dunked by a man with a jersey at a basketball game.
The band is singing .
The band is singing loudly.
The band isn't singing.
The bearded man is not sitting on a train.
The bearded man is sitting on a train.
The bicycle is being ridden by a man wearing a beret on a recreation trail.
The bicyclist is not riding on a city street.
The bicyclist is riding on a city street.
The bicyclist is speeding on a city street.
The big surfer is riding and waving.
The bike is being ridden by a girl in a strange outfit.
The bike rider is looking at an accident of another bike rider.
The bike rider is not looking at the accident of another bike rider.
The biker is riding along the top of a fence.
The black and white dog is jumping for the ball.
The black and white dog is running and a person stands behind it.
The black and white dog is running in a field.
The black and white dog is running in a green yard.
The black and white dog is running indoors.
The black and white dog is running outdoors.
The black and white dog is sitting on a green yard.
The black and white dog isn't running and there is no person standing behind.
The black bird is not sitting in a leafless tree.
The black bird is sitting comfortably in a leafless tree.
The black bird is sitting in a leafless tree.
The black bird with a yellow beak is standing in the green grass.
The black dog is carrying a blue and white ball in its mouth.
The black dog is carrying a blue and white toy in its mouth.
The black dog is climbing on a rock.
The black dog is not climbing on a rock.
The black dog is not running through the grass.
The black dog is not walking along a tree trunk bridge over water.
The black dog is not walking through the tall grass.
The black dog is playing with the brown dog on the sand.
The black dog is running through the grass.
The black dog is sprinting through the grass.
The black dog is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
The black llama is curiously looking at the white dogs.
The black player is making the white player a play near the end of a purple field.
The black woman is wearing glasses over the headdress.
The blond girl is dancing behind the sound equipment.
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment.
The blonde girl with the pink top is happily smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached.
The blonde girl with the pink top is not smiling and not wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached.
The blonde girl with the pink top is smiling and wearing funny glasses with a large nose attached.
The body of a man is in the water near a waterfall.
The boy and girl are not playing on a playground.
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym.
The boy and the girl are cheerfully playing and wearing arm floats.
The boy and the girl are not playing and wearing arm floats.
The boy and the girl are playing and wearing arm floats.
The boy in blue is running away from the woman in blue.
The boy in blue shirt is looking at his hand near the stack of blocks on table.
The boy in the blue coverall is painting.
The boy is checking a calendar.
The boy is cutting the grass by the curb with scissors.
The boy is enthusiastically playing in the mud.
The boy is not cutting the grass by the curb with scissors.
The boy is not playing the piano.
The boy is not riding a bike on the top of a metal fence.
The boy is not riding a tricycle.
The boy is playing a guitar.
The boy is playing a musical instrument.
The boy is playing in the mud.
The boy is playing the piano.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a fence made of metal.
The boy is riding a bike on the top of a metal fence.
The boy is riding a tricycle.
The boy is shortening the grass by the curb with scissors.
The boy is sitting near the blue ocean.
The boy is speedily riding a tricycle.
The boy is spraying the plants with water.
The boy is standing next to the opening of a fountain.
The boy is studying a calendar.
The boy is trotting on the horse.
The boy is wading through the blue ocean.
The boy isn't playing in the mud.
The boy isn't playing the piano happily.
The boy on the grass is lying and is hiding the football between his feet.
The boy, who is young, is running through the ocean waves.
The boys are not standing in front of the burning car.
The boys are standing and burning a car.
The boys are standing in front of the burning car.
The boys are standing in front of the car, which is burning.
The boys are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around.
The bride and the groom are arriving after the wedding.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the marriage.
The bride and the groom are leaving after the wedding.
The bride is leaving the groom after the wedding.
The brown animal is jumping in the air.
The brown dog and the black dog are in the grass.
The brown dog and the gray dog are playing in the snow.
The brown dog and the red dog are frolicking on the beach.
The brown dog is jumping in the air.
The brown dog is not playing outdoors.
The brown dog is not sniffing the back of a small black dog.
The brown dog is playing outdoors.
The brown dog is running in the snow.
The brown dog is sniffing the back of a small black dog.
The brown dog is spotting a black dog and is playing in the dry grass.
The brown dog is spotting a black dog lying in the dry field.
The brown dog is spotting a black dog lying in the dry grass.
The brown dogs are not playfully fighting on the sandy beach.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy beach.
The brown dogs are playfully fighting on the sandy shore.
The brown horse is far from a red barrel at the rodeo.
The brown horse is near a red barrel at the rodeo.
The brown horse is very near a red barrel at the rodeo.
The bunch of men are not playing rugby on a muddy field.
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a field full of mud.
The bunch of men are playing rugby on a muddy field.
The bunch of men are playing with the mud on a rugby field.
The buttons of a microwave are being pushed by a man.
The camera man is nailing a hammer to the wall.
The car is being driven by a man.
The cat is drinking some milk.
The cat is eating some corn.
The cat is hungrily drinking milk.
The cat is licking a bottle.
The cat is licking a shallow dish full of milk.
The cat is licking milk from a saucer.
The cat is looking out the window at the table on the perch.
The cat is playing keyboards.
The cat is playing passionately with a watermelon.
The cat is playing with a device.
The cat is playing with a watermelon.
The cat is running across the gravel.
The cat isn't licking milk from a saucer.
The cat isn't playing with a watermelon.
The cat perched on the table is looking curiously out the window.
The cat perched on the table is looking out the window.
The cat perched on the table isn't looking out the window.
The cats are not playing with each other.
The cats are playing with each other.
The cheerleaders are not parading and are not wearing black, pink and white uniforms.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing black, pink and white uniforms.
The cheerleaders are parading and wearing uniforms which are black, pink and white.
The cheetah is running quickly behind its prey.
The chef is carefully drying the oil from the pan.
The chef is carefully pouring oil in the pan.
The chef is carefully pouring some oil into a pan.
The chef is seasoning the oil.
The child is delightedly playing with toys outdoors.
The child is playing with the water spout outdoors and the rest of his family is watching.
The child is playing with toys indoors.
The child is playing with toys outdoors.
The child is silent.
The child is splashing water in a big red pool.
The child is splashing water in a pool.
The child is splashing water in a small blue pool.
The children are chasing each other in the sand.
The children are not wearing black tights and are not hopping.
The children are playing in front of a door, which is very large.
The children are playing in front of a large door.
The children are wearing black tights and hopping.
The children aren't playing in front of a large door.
The children of a family are patiently playing and waiting.
The children of a family are playing and waiting.
The climbing equipment to rescue a man is hanging from a white, vertical rock.
The content of a bowl is being mixed by a man.
The cook is sprinkling cheese on the pizza.
The cop is not sitting on a police bike.
The cop is sitting on a police bicycle.
The cop is sitting on a police bike.
The cowboy in blue and red pants is being tossed by a horse.
The cowboy is tossing the blue and red pants towards the horse.
The crowd is not watching a football game.
The crowd is not watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line.
The crowd is watching a football game.
The crowd is watching the football at the game.
The crowd is watching two cars designed for racing that are leaving the starting line.
The crowd is watching two racing cars that are leaving the starting line.
The current is being ridden by a group of friends in a raft.
The cyclist is performing a trick in the air.
The cyclist isn't performing a trick in the air.
The dancer is dancing in front of the sound equipment.
The dark skinned male is not standing on one hand in front of a yellow building.
The dark skinned male is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building.
The deer is jumping over the fence.
The deer is jumping over the low fence.
The deer is not jumping over the fence.
The doctor is helping the patient.
The doctor is not helping the patient.
The doctors are healing a man.
The doctors are not reviving a man.
The doctors are reviving a man.
The dog has its head inside a red and green gift bag.
The dog in the dyed red vest is running in the field.
The dog in the red vest is not running in the field.
The dog in the red vest is running in the field.
The dog is being walked by the woman.
The dog is biting some droplets of water.
The dog is catching a ball.
The dog is catching a blue ball.
The dog is chasing the ball.
The dog is having a nap in the park.
The dog is having a rest in the living room.
The dog is having a rest in the park.
The dog is jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
The dog is jumping in the shade of some trees.
The dog is knocking a boy into the water.
The dog is licking a bottle.
The dog is licking the baby.
The dog is moving through the wet sand.
The dog is not catching a blue ball.
The dog is not knocking the boy into the water.
The dog is not playing with a plastic container.
The dog is on a leash and is walking in the water.
The dog is on a leash and is walking near the water.
The dog is on a leash and is walking out of the water.
The dog is playing with a plastic container.
The dog is running across the dirty path.
The dog is running across the gravel.
The dog is running into a brown light.
The dog is running through the dry sand.
The dog is running through the wet sand.
The dog is snapping at some droplets of water.
The dog is standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field.
The dog is swimming in a lake and the sun is shining on him.
The dog isn't snapping at some droplets of water.
The dog with the black coat is walking along a tree trunk bridge over water.
The dog with the brown coat is playing outdoors.
The dog, which is black and white, is running and a person stands behind it.
The driver's car is parked by a man.
The drums are being played by a man.
The drums are being played by the man.
The elderly lady is anxiously waiting on the sidewalk.
The elderly lady is not waiting on the sidewalk.
The elderly lady is waiting on the sidewalk.
The elderly person is waiting a lady on the sidewalk.
The elephant is being ridden by the woman.
The elephant is being ridden over a woman.
The elephant isn't being ridden by the woman.
The equipment in front of the blond dancing girl is sound.
The family is posing by a mantel and a Christmas tree.
The female wearing pink gloves and a brown jacket is smiling in the snow.
The fish are immobile.
The fish is following the turtle.
The flute is being played by a woman.
The flute is being played by one man.
The flute is being played by the woman.
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens.
The food on the trays isn't being eaten by the kittens.
The football is between the feet of a boy who is lying on the grass.
The football isn't between the feet of a boy who is lying in the grass.
The friends are making faces for the camera.
The fur of a cat is being combed by a person.
The furry brown dog is not running through the grassy area.
The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.
The game of basketball consists of a ball being dunked by a man with a jersey.
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a drawing on the back.
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and a tattoo on the back.
The girl has red hair and eyebrows, several piercings in a ear and no tattoo on the back.
The girl in a blue coverall is painting.
The girl in a dyed red shirt isn't blowing a bubble.
The girl in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey.
The girl in blue is chasing the player with a number on the jersey.
The girl in the black hat is wearing a bikini at the beach.
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering.
The girl in the blue and white uniform isn't cheering.
The girl in the blue coverall is painting.
The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble .
The girl is applying makeup to her face.
The girl is carrying a sign and a group of people is following her.
The girl is carrying a sign and is being followed by a group of people.
The girl is cheering the man in the blue and white uniform.
The girl is erasing the other man's work from the board.
The girl is exercising.
The girl is lounging.
The girl is not carrying a sign and no group of people is following her.
The girl is not using an eye pencil on her eyelid.
The girl is not wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is not standing in front of a house.
The girl is painting a coverall blue.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a car.
The girl is recklessly jumping onto a vehicle.
The girl is riding the horse.
The girl is sitting on the couch and is crocheting.
The girl is sitting on the sofa and crocheting.
The girl is spraying the plants with water.
The girl is standing behind the little woman who is swinging.
The girl is standing on the couch and crocheting.
The girl is tapping her fingernails.
The girl is trotting on the horse.
The girl is using a pencil for the eyes on her eyelid.
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid.
The girl is watering the plants.
The girl is wearing a shirt colored in white with a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house.
The girl is wearing a white shirt and a pink skirt, and is standing in front of a house.
The girl is wearing an orange shirt and a striped tie.
The girl isn't jumping onto the car recklessly.
The girl likes red and isn't wearing beads for teenagers.
The girl with a helmet is perching on a bike.
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail.
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail..
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair.
The girl, who is little, is swinging and the woman is standing behind.
The girl, who is young, is blowing a bubble that is huge.
The goal is being guarded by a hockey player in a yellow jersey.
The golden dog is running through a field of tall grass.
The green field for horse races is completely full of Jockeys.
The grotto with a pink interior is being climbed by four middle eastern children, three girls and one boy.
The group of Asian girls are standing together.
The group of dim people is sitting in a room.
The group of people is not sitting in a dim room.
The group of people is not sitting on a rocky ledge with a scenic view behind them.
The group of people is not sitting on the ground outside a monument.
The group of people is sitting in a dim room.
The group of people is sitting in a room which is dim.
The group of people is sitting on a ledge which is rocky and a scenic view is behind them.
The group of people is sitting on a rocky ledge and a scenic view is behind them.
The group of people is sitting on the ground outside a monument.
The group of people is standing together and looking at the camera.
The guitar is being played by a girl.
The guitar is being played by a kid.
The guitar is being played by a lady.
The guitar is being played by a man.
The guitar is being played by nobody.
The guitar is being played by the man.
The guitar is being played by the man, who has the guitar case open for donations.
The guitar is being sold by a lady.
The guitar player is loving one girl.
The guitar player loves the man passionately.
The hairy man is sitting on a train.
The helmeted girl is perching on a bike.
The helmeted girl is riding a bike.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road.
The herd of caribous is crossing a road quickly.
The herd of caribous is not crossing a road.
The horse is being ridden by a man.
The horse is being ridden by the girl.
The horse is leaping over the rider at the barrier.
The hungry woman is eating.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is not wearing a yellow jersey and is not defending the goal.
The ice hockey goalkeeper is wearing a yellow jersey and is defending the goal.
The ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people.
The intense man is a guitar player.
The interviewer is granting a break to the man.
The kangaroo is picking up the woman.
The keyboard is being played with his nose by a man.
The kid is happily sliding in the snow.
The kid is sliding in the snow.
The kid is still in the snow.
The kid is swimming through the blue ocean.
The kid, who is doing magic, is tricking an old man.
The kids are chasing each other in the sand.
The kids are not chasing each other in the sand.
The kids are not wearing suits and water is splashing around.
The kids are playing outdoors near a man with a smile.
The kids are wearing bathing suits and water is splashing around.
The kitten is eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl.
The kitten is not playing with a toy.
The kitten is playing with a toy.
The kitten isn't eagerly drinking some milk from the bowl.
The kittens are eating the food on the trays.
The kittens on the trays are being eaten as food for an advertisement.
The lady is adding cheese to the sauce.
The lady is breaking an egg for the mixer.
The lady is breaking eggs that are raw into a bowl.
The lady is breaking raw eggs into a bowl.
The lady is carefully slicing up the meat.
The lady is cracking an egg for the mixer.
The lady is cracking an egg into a bowl.
The lady is cracking an egg into a dish.
The lady is dancing.
The lady is dicing onions.
The lady is eating slices of meat.
The lady is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel .
The lady is measuring the ankle of another woman.
The lady is peeling the potato.
The lady is penciling on eyeshadow.
The lady is picking up the kangaroo.
The lady is slicing a tomato.
The lady is slicing up the meat.
The lady is stirring eggs in a bowl.
The lady is stirring meat in a bowl.
The lady is taking an egg out of a bowl.
The lady isn't breaking raw eggs into a bowl.
The lady isn't cracking an egg for the mixer.
The lady isn't measuring the ankle of another woman.
The lady isn't slicing up the meat.
The land near a white bird is being watered swiftly.
The large brown dog is not running outside in the dirt.
The large brown dog is running outdoors in the dirt.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
The large dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth.
The large dog is walking outside and is holding a colorful toy in its mouth.
The light brown dog is running up a street.
The lion is pacing tiredly in the pen.
The little boy is not singing and playing the guitar.
The little boy is riding a bicycle in a race.
The little boy is running on the ground and playing with a little girl.
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar.
The little boy is sticking his tongue out for the camera and another boy is looking on.
The little boy is wearing a yellow tank top and is laughing.
The little cat is playing with a toy.
The little dog is dropping the bedroom slipper from its mouth.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth.
The little dog is grabbing the bedroom slipper with its mouth funnily.
The little girl in a pink shirt is running under a tree in the desert.
The little girl is looking at a man in costume.
The little girl is not swinging and the woman is not standing behind her.
The little girl is riding a bicycle in a race.
The little girl is smiling and wearing a fake nose and glasses.
The little girl is swinging and the woman is standing behind her.
The little kid is playing football and falling harmlessly into the grass.
The little kid is playing football and falling into the grass.
The little kid is singing and playing the guitar.
The log is lying on the panda bear.
The loud man is not allowed to play the guitar.
The machine is not shaving a pencil.
The machine is shaving the end of a pencil.
The male, who is dark skinned, is standing on one hand in front of a yellow building.
The malnourished looking dog is standing on its hind legs and is preparing to jump.
The man and the boy are standing at the bottom of the stairs, which are outdoors.
The man and the boy are standing at the top of the stairs, which are outdoors.
The man and the child are kayaking through gentle waters.
The man and the woman are walking through the woods.
The man and woman are not walking.
The man and woman are strolling.
The man and woman are walking.
The man at the beach is not doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water.
The man dressed in chaps made of leather and a purple shirt is standing in front of some onlookers.
The man dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of someone lookers.
The man has a window of time to clean himself.
The man in a cowboy hat is not walking through a market and is not putting a hand in his pocket.
The man in a cowboy hat is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket.
The man in a grey t-shirt is sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall.
The man in a hat suited for cowboys is walking through a market and is putting a hand in his pocket.
The man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing.
The man in a t-shirt dyed grey is sitting on a rock in front of a waterfall.
The man in blue is chasing the base runner with a number on the jersey.
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a car.
The man in blue is posing for a picture next to a vehicle.
The man in brown colored shorts is walking on the rocks beside a river.
The man in not playing the flute.
The man in the hat is smoking a straw cigarette.
The man in the purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos.
The man in the purple hat isn't operating a camera that makes videos.
The man in the red jacket is standing next to the yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean.
The man in the straw hat is not smoking a cigarette.
The man in the straw hat is smoking a cigarette.
The man in the white hat is playing guitar on stage.
The man is a guitar player.
The man is abruptly knocked off of a horse.
The man is absently eating a banana by a tree.
The man is adding seasoning to the water in a bowl.
The man is aiming a gun.
The man is austerely playing a piano.
The man is being knocked off of a horse.
The man is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket.
The man is carefully feeding a mouse to the snake.
The man is carelessly smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread.
The man is catching a fish.
The man is cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake.
The man is cautiously operating a stenograph.
The man is cheerfully hiking in the woods.
The man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe.
The man is chopping the trunk of a tree with an axe.
The man is cleaning the drawing on the board.
The man is climbing up a rope.
The man is clumsily kick boxing with a trainer.
The man is cooking sauce for the meat.
The man is cooking slices of potato.
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl.
The man is cutting a paper plate.
The man is cutting cooked octopus.
The man is cutting the tape on the box.
The man is dancing.
The man is dancing frantically.
The man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling.
The man is denying an interview.
The man is dipping into a swamp.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet sand at the edge of the water at the beach.
The man is doing a handstand on the wet shore at the edge of the water at the beach.
The man is doing a magic trick.
The man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorbike in a field which is mostly barren.
The man is doing a wheelie with a motorcycle on ground which is mostly barren.
The man is doing exercises.
The man is doing exercises in a gym.
The man is doing floor exercises.
The man is drawing.
The man is drawing a gun.
The man is driving a car.
The man is driving a car carefully.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into cold water.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water.
The man is eating.
The man is eating a banana by a tree.
The man is eating cereal.
The man is eating potato slices.
The man is erasing the drawing on the board.
The man is erasing the other man's work from the board.
The man is erasing the other man's work from the panel.
The man is exercising.
The man is fasting.
The man is feeding the snake with a mouse.
The man is feeding the snake with an animal.
The man is funnily playing the piano with his nose.
The man is getting off a motorcycle onto ground which is mostly barren.
The man is going into the lake.
The man is going into the water.
The man is gracefully singing and playing the guitar.
The man is granting an interview.
The man is hammering a nail with a camera.
The man is handling a gun.
The man is hiking in the woods.
The man is hurling knives at a tree.
The man is intensely playing the guitar.
The man is kick boxing with a trainer.
The man is kicking a boxing trainer.
The man is lifting barbells.
The man is lifting weights.
The man is lowering barbells.
The man is lying naked near a surfboard.
The man is not adding seasoning to the/some water in a bowl.
The man is not chopping a tree trunk with an axe.
The man is not climbing up a rope.
The man is not cutting a paper plate.
The man is not cutting the tape on the box.
The man is not dancing.
The man is not doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
The man is not doing exercises.
The man is not doing floor exercises.
The man is not drawing.
The man is not eating a banana by a tree.
The man is not exercising.
The man is not feeding the snake with a mouse.
The man is not going into the water.
The man is not hammering a nail with a camera.
The man is not hiking in the woods.
The man is not kick boxing with a trainer.
The man is not knocked off of a horse.
The man is not performing a large jump.
The man is not playing a flute.
The man is not playing a guitar.
The man is not playing the drums.
The man is not playing the guitar.
The man is not putting chicken into the container.
The man is not riding a horse.
The man is not riding a horse by a creek.
The man is not riding a mechanical bull.
The man is not seasoning the sausages.
The man is not slicing a potato.
The man is not slicing potatoes.
The man is not slicing the potato.
The man is not slicing vegetables.
The man is not standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are not in the background.
The man is not stirring oil.
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken.
The man is not taking a picture of himself and another guy.
The man is not talking on the phone.
The man is not walking along a path through the wilderness.
The man is on ground which is mostly barren, filming a wheelie done with a motorcycle..
The man is on the ride with the horse.
The man is opening the guitar for donations and plays with the case.
The man is operating a stenograph.
The man is pacing around a room.
The man is painting.
The man is performing a large jump.
The man is playing a flute.
The man is playing a game on a lawn.
The man is playing a game on the grass.
The man is playing a guitar.
The man is playing a guitar which is acoustic.
The man is playing a harp.
The man is playing a piano.
The man is playing an acoustic guitar.
The man is playing the drums.
The man is playing the flute.
The man is playing the guitar.
The man is playing the guitar and has the guitar case open for donations.
The man is playing the instrument.
The man is playing the piano with his nose.
The man is playing with a skull.
The man is pouring oil into a pan.
The man is pouring oil on a few tomatoes.
The man is pouring some oil on the tomatoes.
The man is practicing the guitar.
The man is putting away the bread.
The man is putting away the camera and walks away from the beach.
The man is putting away the guitar in the guitar case.
The man is putting chicken into the box.
The man is putting chicken into the container.
The man is racing for the lead .
The man is removing knives from a tree.
The man is removing sliced cucumbers from water.
The man is riding a bull which is mechanical.
The man is riding a horse.
The man is riding a horse by a creek.
The man is riding a horse by a stream.
The man is riding a mechanical bull.
The man is riding the horse.
The man is rising from a swamp.
The man is rock climbing.
The man is running on the road.
The man is seasoning the meat.
The man is seasoning the sausages.
The man is setting up the camera and takes pictures of the sunset at the beach.
The man is setting up the camera and taking sunset pictures at the beach.
The man is silent and still.
The man is singing and playing the guitar.
The man is singing heartily and playing the guitar.
The man is sitting indoors.
The man is sitting next to a birdcage.
The man is sitting on the floor in a room and strumming a guitar.
The man is sitting on the train and resting his hand against his face.
The man is sitting outdoors under a purple umbrella.
The man is sitting outside under a purple umbrella.
The man is skillfully playing the guitar.
The man is slicing a potato.
The man is slicing a tomato.
The man is slicing bread.
The man is slicing potatoes.
The man is slicing some potatoes.
The man is slicing the potato.
The man is slicing vegetables.
The man is speaking on the phone.
The man is speaking on the telephone.
The man is spraying a super soaker into the mouth of the dog.
The man is sprinkling cheese on the pizza.
The man is staging a microphone and is singing.
The man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall.
The man is standing in a lake near a waterfall.
The man is standing in the water at the base of a waterfall.
The man is standing next to a bird cage.
The man is standing on a mountain, which is rocky, and gray clouds are in the background.
The man is standing on a rocky mountain and gray clouds are in the background.
The man is standing on the sidewalk.
The man is standing outdoor and the boy is falling over the bottom of the stairs.
The man is standing steadily next to a birdcage.
The man is stirring oil.
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken.
The man is swimming in a body of water near a waterfall.
The man is taking a picture of himself and another guy.
The man is talking about the telephone.
The man is talking on the phone.
The man is talking on the telephone.
The man is thinking.
The man is throwing knives at a tree.
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean.
The man is training.
The man is typing on a machine used for stenography.
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man.
The man is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another person.
The man is walking along a path through the wilderness.
The man is walking along a track through the wilderness.
The man is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard.
The man is wildly dancing.
The man is wrapping a potato.
The man isn't cautiously feeding a mouse to the snake.
The man isn't doing a magic trick.
The man isn't driving a car.
The man isn't intensely playing the guitar.
The man isn't lifting weights.
The man isn't operating a stenograph.
The man isn't playing an acoustic guitar.
The man isn't playing the piano.
The man isn't smearing butter on bread .
The man isn't talking on the telephone.
The man needs a stenograph to operate .
The man on a green bike is performing tricks on the dirt ramp.
The man on stage is passionately singing into the microphone.
The man on stage is singing into the microphone.
The man on stage isn't singing into the microphone.
The man surrounded by men with a camera is wearing a gray suit and glasses.
The man surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses.
The man with a hard hat is dancing.
The man with brown hair is not wearing sunglasses and is not sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting at a table with cans of soda and other drinks.
The man with brown hair is wearing sunglasses and is sitting listlessly at a table with cans of soda and other drinks.
The man with the dyed purple hat is operating a camera that makes videos.
The man's jumper is in the empty pool.
The meat is being dropped into a pan.
The meat is not being dropped into a pan.
The men are acting on a stage.
The men are carefully putting suitcases into the trunk of a car.
The men are climbing a mountain.
The men are fighting with their fists in a ring.
The men are fist fighting in a ring.
The men are having a conversation.
The men are in the suitcases that are being packed in the trunk of a car.
The men are not climbing a mountain.
The men are not dancing.
The men are not fist fighting in a ring.
The men are not packing suitcases into the trunk of a car.
The men are not playing soccer.
The men are not putting suitcases into the trunk of a car .
The men are not talking.
The men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car.
The men are performing on stage.
The men are placing suitcases in the trunk of a car.
The men are playing soccer.
The men are playing with a ball.
The men are putting suitcases into the trunk of a car.
The men are talking.
The men in brown shorts are not walking on the rocks beside a river.
The men in brown shorts are walking on the rocks beside a river.
The microphone in front of the talking parrot is being muted.
The military officer is barking at the recruits.
The military officer is not barking at the recruits.
The military officer is shouting at the recruits.
The milk is being drunk by a cat.
The monkey is being trained in martial arts.
The monkey is brushing a bull dog.
The monkey is brushing the dog.
The monkey is not brushing a bull dog.
The monkey is practicing martial arts.
The monkey isn't practicing martial arts.
The motocross rider is standing naked.
The motocross rider is wearing blue and black pants.
The motorcycle racer is riding a red and black bike.
The mountain gear is steadily placed in front of the standing biker.
The muscular black man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads.
The muscular man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads.
The muscular white man is dancing and the man behind him is wearing green beads.
The oil is being stirred by a man.
The onion is being cut by the man.
The orange colored dices are being cast by a cook to win the pepper.
The orange rescue boat is not rushing across the water.
The orange rescue boat is rushing across the water.
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel.
The orange rider is not driving a motorcycle on one wheel.
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into pieces that are thin.
The oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces.
The oriental lady is not cutting a carrot into thin pieces.
The panda bear is lying on the logs.
The panda bear is not lying on the logs.
The panda bear is resting on the logs.
The panda is eating bamboo.
The panda is not eating bamboo.
The parrot is amazingly talking into the microphone.
The parrot is silent in front of the microphone.
The parrot is speaking.
The parrot is talking into the microphone.
The patient is being helped by the doctor.
The patient is helping the doctor.
The people are not sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.
The people are not walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall.
The people are running at a carnival.
The people are sitting aimlessly on a bench in front of a restaurant.
The people are sitting in a restaurant in front of the beach.
The people are sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.
The people are standing at a carnival.
The people are standing at a parade.
The people are walking on the road beside a beautiful waterfall.
The people are walking on the road beside a waterfall, which is beautiful.
The pepper is being sliced by a woman with a knife.
The performer is tricking a person on a motorcycle.
The person in the blue jacket is putting down a colorful helmet.
The person in the blue jacket is wearing a colorful helmet.
The person is boiling noodles.
The person is brushing a cat.
The person is carefully slicing a potato.
The person is cracking eggs into a bowl.
The person is dicing up a pepper which is orange.
The person is drawing.
The person is eating.
The person is flying through the air on a bicycle.
The person is flying through the air on the bicycle.
The person is going into the sea.
The person is going into the water.
The person is hiking.
The person is not drawing.
The person is not flying through the air on a bicycle.
The person is not going into the water.
The person is not riding the horse.
The person is not slicing a clove of garlic into pieces.
The person is not slicing onions.
The person is not standing on white ice.
The person is not writing with a pencil.
The person is painting.
The person is peeling an onion.
The person is playing the flute.
The person is playing the guitar.
The person is playing with a skull.
The person is practicing the guitar.
The person is quickly slicing a vegetable.
The person is riding a jetski in the waves.
The person is riding a motorbike on a sandy track.
The person is riding a motorbike on a track on the sand.
The person is riding the animal.
The person is riding the horse.
The person is scrubbing a zucchini.
The person is setting fire to the cameras.
The person is slicing a clove of garlic into pieces.
The person is slicing a vegetable.
The person is slicing onions.
The person is slicing the potato.
The person is standing dangerously on white ice.
The person is standing on white ice.
The person is trotting on the horse.
The person is walking.
The person is wearing a wetsuit and is riding a surfboard.
The person is writing.
The person is writing with a pencil.
The person isn't dicing up an orange pepper.
The person isn't practicing the guitar.
The person isn't riding a motorbike on a sandy track.
The person isn't slicing a vegetable.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up an arm.
The person on the motorcycle is holding up his arm.
The person on the motorcycle is not holding up an arm.
The person who is playing soccer is kicking the ball between somebody's legs.
The person who rides bikes is looking at an accident of another bike rider.
The person with the green shirt is jumping high over the grass.
The persons are singing and dancing.
The piano is being played by a man.
The piano is being played by someone.
The piano isn't being played by anyone.
The piano player is being a tough man.
The picture of a camera set up is being taken by a man on the beach at the sunset.
The picture of a man is being taken near a lake.
The piece of paper is being cut.
The piece of paper is not being cut.
The plane is landing.
The plane, which is south African, is flying in a blue sky.
The play for the ladies requires a guitar.
The play is about a happy boy playing the piano.
The player in purple, white and black is not playing near the end of the field.
The player in purple, white and black is playing near the end of the field.
The player is dunking the basketball into the net and a crowd is in background.
The player is missing the basket and a crowd is in background.
The players is maneuvering for the ball.
The players is maneuvering for the basket ball.
The players is maneuvering for the soccer ball.
The potato is being peeled by a woman.
The potato is being peeled by the lady.
The potato isn't being peeled by a woman.
The practicing person doesn't like the guitar.
The presentation is being attended by a classroom of students.
The presentation is being watched by a classroom of students.
The presentation isn't being watched by a classroom of students.
The priest is walking down the aisle to marry a couple.
The puppy is not playing with a plastic container.
The puppy is playing with a container made of plastic.
The puppy is playing with a plastic container.
The recruits are barking at the military officer.
The red and brown dog is digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag.
The red and brown dog is not digging its nose inside a holiday gift bag.
The rescue boat, which is orange, is rushing across the water.
The rhino is being fed on the grass.
The rhino is grazing on the grass.
The rhino is not grazing on the grass.
The rider dressed in orange is driving a motorcycle on one wheel.
The rider is biking in the rain and wearing a red jacket.
The rider is biking in the snow and wearing a red jacket.
The rider on the blue and black motocross bike is not wearing the pants.
The riders are fencing in a boy's metal bike.
The rollerblader is not performing a trick on a ramp.
The runners are not racing around a track.
The runners are racing around a track.
The runners are racing impetuously around a track.
The sheepdog is grouping a herd of sheep.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is not standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a man in a white shirt and sunglasses.
The shirtless man in striped shorts and sunglasses is standing near a person in a white shirt and sunglasses.
The show for the small child is being set on an exciting swing at the park.
The singer is hiring a person to fire the guitar player.
The singer is leaving the band.
The singer is playing the guitar at an acoustic concert for a woman.
The singer is playing the guitar in front of a person.
The skateboarder is jumping in the air.
The skillet is being oiled by a woman who is pouring some water.
The small bee is landing on a bunch of yellow flowers.
The small boy is playing with the dog.
The small boy is standing in the forest.
The small child is not wading through the water and is not being guided by another person.
The small child is wading through the water and is being guided by another person.
The small child is walking through the water and is being guided by another person.
The small dog is walking outside and is carrying a colorful toy in its mouth.
The small girl is riding in the toy car.
The smiling boy in winter clothes is waving his mittened hands outside the building in the snow.
The snowboarder is doing a flip over a mound of snow.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snow covered hill.
The snowboarder is jumping off a snowy hill.
The snowboarder is jumping off the snow.
The snowboarder is leaping fearlessly over white snow.
The snowboarder is leaping over white snow.
The snowboarder is not jumping off a snow covered hill.
The snowboarder isn't leaping over white snow.
The soccer player is kicking the ball between somebody's legs.
The soccer player is not kicking the ball between somebody's legs.
The south African plane is flying in a blue sky.
The south African plane is not flying in a blue sky.
The speaker likes parrots.
The squirrel is not running in circles.
The squirrel is running in circles.
The students are filling the classroom.
The study subject is a camera man.
The subject is being studied by a man with a camera.
The sun is not shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress.
The sun is shining on the face of the girl who is in a yellow dress.
The sun is shining on the face of the girl who is in the dyed yellow dress.
The surfer is leaning on a surfboard.
The surfer is riding a big wave.
The surfer is riding a small wave.
The tail of an animal is being chasing by a dog in the grass.
The tall person is setting fire to the cameras.
The tan dog is not watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond.
The tan dog is watching a brown dog that is swimming in a pond.
The teenage girl is wearing beads that are red.
The teens are talking to a boy and a girl with a webcam.
The tennis player with a green headband is hitting the ball.
The trumpet is being played by a man.
The turtle is following the fish.
The turtle is following the red fish.
The turtle isn't following the fish.
The violin is being played by a little girl on a beach.
The violin is being played by a woman.
The wave is being ridden by a surfer.
The white bird is landing swiftly in the water.
The white dog is carrying a blue and white ball in its mouth.
The white dog is not wearing reindeer ears and isn't near a brown dog.
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is close to a brown dog.
The white dog wearing reindeer ears is near a brown dog.
The white dogs are looking at the black llama.
The white dogs are looking curiously at the black llama.
The white dogs aren't looking curiously at the black llama.
The white rally car is throwing mud into the air and is approaching a bend in the track.
The white reindeer wearing dog ears is near a brown reindeer.
The windows are being cleaned by a man.
The windows are being polished by a man.
The woman and the man are not travelling by car.
The woman and the man are travelling by automobile.
The woman and the man are travelling by car.
The woman dressed in leather chaps and a purple shirt is standing in front of onlookers.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a brick wall and playing an instrument.
The woman in a red costume is leaning against a wall made of bricks and playing an instrument.
The woman in a red costume is not leaning against a brick wall and is not playing an instrument.
The woman in blue is posing for a picture next to a car.
The woman in jeans is sitting on the saddle of a horse.
The woman in the white sweater is drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager.
The woman in the white sweater is not drawing a tattoo on the hand of a teenager.
The woman is adding cheese to the sauce.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat.
The woman is adding sugar to the meat slowly.
The woman is chopping garlic.
The woman is chopping some bread and fried pork.
The woman is cleaning a shrimp.
The woman is cooking eggs.
The woman is cooking something.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
The woman is cracking two eggs into a bowl made of glass.
The woman is cracking two eggs into a glass bowl.
The woman is cutting a carrot.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus.
The woman is dancing.
The woman is dancing and a man is playing the keyboard.
The woman is dicing a carrot.
The woman is dicing garlic.
The woman is dicing onions.
The woman is drawing a man.
The woman is drinking.
The woman is eating.
The woman is eating some cut pieces of raw meat.
The woman is erasing the drawing on the board.
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop.
The woman is frying a chop of breaded pork.
The woman is handling a frog.
The woman is happily playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing.
The woman is holding a white jacket and a red glass in front of the man wearing a t-shirt.
The woman is holding a whole tomato.
The woman is holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel .
The woman is looking at the view of a city.
The woman is lovingly cooking something.
The woman is measuring a man.
The woman is measuring the other woman.
The woman is not adding sugar to the meat.
The woman is not chopping garlic.
The woman is not cooking something.
The woman is not cracking two eggs into a glass bowl.
The woman is not cutting a carrot.
The woman is not dancing.
The woman is not dicing garlic.
The woman is not frying a breaded pork chop.
The woman is not handling a frog.
The woman is not penciling on eyeshadow.
The woman is not picking up a baby kangaroo.
The woman is not picking up and holding a baby kangaroo.
The woman is not playing an electric guitar.
The woman is not playing the flute.
The woman is not poking holes in the potato.
The woman is not pouring oil into the pan.
The woman is not putting makeup on the man.
The woman is not putting pasta into a dish.
The woman is not seasoning the oil.
The woman is not slicing an onion.
The woman is not slicing an onion with a knife.
The woman is not slicing herbs.
The woman is not stirring meat in a bowl.
The woman is not walking the dog.
The woman is not waterskiing.
The woman is not wearing a red jacket and is not holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt.
The woman is not wearing glasses or a headdress.
The woman is peeling a potato.
The woman is penciling on eyeshadow.
The woman is picking up a baby kangaroo.
The woman is picking up a kangaroo that is little.
The woman is picking up and holding a baby kangaroo.
The woman is picking up the kangaroo.
The woman is playing a flute.
The woman is playing a guitar which is electric.
The woman is playing a guitar, which is acoustic, and singing.
The woman is playing an electric guitar.
The woman is playing the flute.
The woman is playing the guitar.
The woman is playing with two young boys at a park.
The woman is poking a potato.
The woman is poking holes in the potato.
The woman is pouring oil into a skillet.
The woman is pouring oil into the pan.
The woman is putting away a flute.
The woman is putting down the kangaroo.
The woman is putting make-up on.
The woman is putting makeup on the man.
The woman is putting pasta into a dish.
The woman is removing cheese from the sauce.
The woman is removing make-up.
The woman is riding the elephant.
The woman is seasoning the oil.
The woman is sitting near a flower bed and is overlooking a tunnel.
The woman is sitting on a bench and is wearing a gray jacket and black pants.
The woman is slicing a clove of garlic.
The woman is slicing a tomato.
The woman is slicing an onion.
The woman is slicing an onion with a knife.
The woman is slicing cooked octopus.
The woman is slicing garlic.
The woman is slicing herbs.
The woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon.
The woman is stirring eggs in a bowl.
The woman is stirring meat in a bowl.
The woman is storing away the eggs.
The woman is taking up and holding a baby kangaroo.
The woman is throwing onions away.
The woman is using a sledgehammer to break a concrete block that is on another man.
The woman is walking the dog.
The woman is walking the dog down the street .
The woman is waterskiing.
The woman is waterskiing fearlessly.
The woman is wearing a blue helmet and is riding a bicycle in a parking lot.
The woman is wearing a colorful shirt and a lot of jewelry.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a t-shirt, which is white.
The woman is wearing a red jacket and holding a glass in front of the man in a white t-shirt.
The woman is wearing ear protection and is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range.
The woman is wearing glasses and a black headdress.
The woman is wearing sunglasses of large size and is holding newspapers in both hands.
The woman isn't playing the guitar, which is acoustic, or singing.
The woman isn't pouring oil into a skillet.
The woman isn't stirring eggs in a bowl.
The woman surrounded by photographers is wearing a gray suit and glasses.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is happily riding a bike.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike.
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf isn't riding a bike.
The woman wearing the blue and white uniform with a white and blue hat is keeping her mouth open and is near others who are dressed in the same fashion.
The woman with a black hat is wearing sunglasses.
The woman with a knife is slicing a pepper.
The woman with the knife is not slicing a pepper.
The women are dancing outside.
The women are divinely dancing outside.
The women are not dancing outside.
The women are not singing and dancing.
The women are singing and dancing.
The women are wearing something right and pointing at several bunny ears.
The writing is about a person penciling.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a container.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a pot.
The young boy in the blue shirt is jumping into the water.
The young boy in the blue shirt is not jumping into the water.
The young boy is climbing the wall made of rock.
The young boy is not running through the ocean waves.
The young boy is riding a dirt bike through the mud.
The young boy is running through the ocean waves.
The young boys are not posing with a green soccer ball in a park.
The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby.
The young boys are posing with a green soccer ball in a park.
The young child is riding a three wheeled scooter down the sidewalk.
The young child is splashing in the water.
The young girl in blue is enjoying a slide.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a slide.
The young girl in blue is having fun on a swing.
The young girl in blue is jumping in the air.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge.
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is very small.
The young girl is playing on the edge of a fountain and an older woman is watching her.
The young girl with a pink shirt is peacefully lying on the grass.
The young girl with a pink shirt isn't peacefully lying on the grass.
The young girl with a shirt dyed pink is peacefully lying on the grass.
The young kids are posing with a green soccer ball in a park.
The young lady is measuring the ankle of another woman.
The young man is not rock climbing.
The young man is rock climbing.
The young peaceful girl is lying about the grass found in the pink shirt.
The young woman in a dyed red shirt, is blowing a bubble that is huge.
There are no boys kneeling next to each other in front of a ball.
There are no children playing and waiting.
There are no children playing on a statue.
There are no dogs fighting for a frisbee in a lake.
There are no dogs of different breeds looking at each other across a street.
There are no dogs playing in the snow.
There are no football players in red and white jumping and hugging each other.
There are no kids jumping on a trampoline.
There are no little boys playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass.
There are no men fighting.
There are no men sawing.
There are no men sitting at the table with four beer bottles.
There are no mimes performing.
There are no people driving ATVs.
There are no people flipping the tires of a tractor.
There are no racers running down a track.
There are no soccer players kicking a soccer ball into the goal.
There are no white dogs running and jumping along a beach.
There are no women wearing bikinis on the sandy beach.
There aren't many people in the ice skating park.
There is a guy cheerfully playing with a footbag.
There is no Asian woman holding a fur scarf.
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy.
There is no airplane taking off.
There is no baby being put into a trash can by a woman.
There is no baby playing with a dog.
There is no baby talking.
There is no baby tiger playing with a ball.
There is no badger shrewdly digging the earth.
There is no band playing.
There is no basketball player on the court floor and no one is grabbing the ball.
There is no bicyclist jumping on a pyramid-shaped ramp.
There is no biker jumping in the air.
There is no black and white dog jumping for a ball.
There is no black dog with a red collar putting its face in the water.
There is no black, red, white and pink dress being worn by a woman.
There is no blond child holding a yellow bottle.
There is no blonde lady looking at a tower.
There is no bmx biker jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
There is no boy checking a calendar.
There is no boy cutting grass with scissors.
There is no boy filling a pitcher with water.
There is no boy hanging a fishing rod and running in front of a fish.
There is no boy in a swimsuit sitting on top of a circular fountain.
There is no boy in a white t-shirt splashing in shallow water.
There is no boy looking at a calendar.
There is no boy playing a guitar.
There is no boy playing a keyboard.
There is no boy playing a piano.
There is no boy playing guitar.
There is no boy playing outdoors and there is no man smiling.
There is no boy standing in front of the blue building in the space reserved for handicapped people.
There is no boy walking across a bridge.
There is no boy wearing red shorts jumping into a paddling pool.
There is no brown dog and black dog playing in the sand.
There is no brown dog jumping in the air.
There is no brown dog running across the yard with a toy in its mouth.
There is no brown dog running through tall green grass.
There is no brown dog standing in the water.
There is no brown dog staring attentively at a brown and white dog.
There is no brown duck with a green head flapping its wings in the water.
There is no bunny playing with a stuffed bunny.
There is no butter being added to the stand mixer.
There is no cat eating corn on the cob.
There is no cat hungrily drinking milk.
There is no cat playing a keyboard.
There is no cat playing keyboards.
There is no cat playing with a device.
There is no cat playing with a watermelon.
There is no cat sliding upside down under a couch.
There is no cat swinging on a fan.
There is no cat walking on a hardwood floor.
There is no cheetah quickly running behind its prey.
There is no chef preparing a meal.
There is no child hanging on a large branch.
There is no child holding a camera in front of his face.
There is no child holding a squirt gun.
There is no child holding a water gun or getting sprayed with water.
There is no child in a red outfit jumping on a trampoline.
There is no child lying in the snow and making snow angels.
There is no child playing with a water spout outdoors with the rest of his family watching.
There is no child sitting in a red and yellow toy car.
There is no child waking up.
There is no classroom full of students looking in the same direction inside a bamboo structure.
There is no clown singing.
There is no clown singing and people are not dancing.
There is no cold cyclist celebrating.
There is no cook slicing some bell peppers.
There is no couple running towards the ocean.
There is no cyclist on a yellow bike airborne.
There is no cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle.
There is no deer jumping fences.
There is no dog barking.
There is no dog barking at a ball.
There is no dog bouncing on a trampoline.
There is no dog catching a ball.
There is no dog chasing a ball.
There is no dog chasing a ball in the grass.
There is no dog chasing another or holding a stick in its mouth.
There is no dog crossing a river on a bridge made from a fallen tree.
There is no dog eating a doll.
There is no dog excitedly playing with water in the grass.
There is no dog in a colored coat running across the yard.
There is no dog joyfully running on the grass.
There is no dog jumping at a shiny blue soccer ball in a field of dry leaves.
There is no dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
There is no dog leaping in the air.
There is no dog leaping through snowy grass and rocks.
There is no dog licking a baby.
There is no dog looking around.
There is no dog playing in a field of brown grass.
There is no dog playing with a red ball.
There is no dog playing with a toy.
There is no dog racing on a track.
There is no dog riding a skateboard.
There is no dog rolling from side to side.
There is no dog running and carrying an object in its mouth.
There is no dog running in the grass.
There is no dog running on the beach.
There is no dog running on the road.
There is no dog running through a field and chasing a ball.
There is no dog running up a grassy hill.
There is no dog running with a volleyball.
There is no dog standing on one leg and is waiting for a soccer ball.
There is no dog standing on the side of a mountain.
There is no dog standing with its two front paws on a rock in the field.
There is no dog swimming in a lake with sunshine shining on him.
There is no dog turning on the grass and pursuing a flying ball.
There is no dog walking along a snowdrift.
There is no dog which is furry and black in a back yard carrying a basket in its mouth..
There is no dog with a blue blanket running through the grass.
There is no dog wrestling and hugging.
There is no family posing by the mantel and the Christmas tree.
There is no famous singer dancing on the ceiling.
There is no football player in a purple jersey running with the ball for a touchdown.
There is no girl applying makeup to her face.
There is no girl brushing her hair.
There is no girl communicating with sign language.
There is no girl filing her nails.
There is no girl in a brown dress being surrounded by children and closing her eyes.
There is no girl in blue jumping in the air.
There is no girl in pink twirling a ribbon.
There is no girl in white dancing.
There is no girl jumping into the car.
There is no girl laughing and there is no other girl watching.
There is no girl playing a flute.
There is no girl playing the piano.
There is no girl playing the violin on a beach.
There is no girl riding a horse.
There is no girl wearing a t-shirt and keeping her mouth open.
There is no girl wearing jeans and a pink shirt and running.
There is no girl with a black bag on a crowded train.
There is no girl with black and orange patches on the cheeks.
There is no group of people dancing.
There is no group of people standing together and looking at the camera.
There is no group of racing dogs wearing striped uniforms and running down a track.
There is no guinea pig eating a carrot.
There is no guy leaping into the air in a wooded area.
There is no guy mowing the lawn.
There is no hamster singing.
There is no hiker dancing on top of the mountain.
There is no hockey player in a yellow jersey guarding the goal.
There is no horse tossing the cowboy in red and blue pants.
There is no karate practitioner kicking at another man who is wearing protective boxing gloves.
There is no kid in orange playing outside with a snowball.
There is no kid playing guitar.
There is no kitten drinking milk.
There is no lady cutting up some meat.
There is no lady holding the paintbrush next to the artist's easel .
There is no lady mixing a meat mixture in a bowl.
There is no lady peeling the potato.
There is no lady walking in body paint in front of a crowd .
There is no large brown dog and small grey dog standing on a rocky surface.
There is no large dog running on the grass with a tennis ball in its mouth.
There is no large group of cheerleaders walking in a parade.
There is no lemur eating.
There is no lemur hanging on a cord.
There is no light brown dog running up a street.
There is no lion pacing tiredly in a pen.
There is no lion walking.
There is no little black dog chasing a little brown dog.
There is no little boy running on the ground and playing with a little girl.
There is no little boy wearing a green soccer strip and running on the grass.
There is no little boy with brown hair jumping off of a brown chair onto the floor.
There is no little girl peddling a scooter.
There is no little girl playing a grand piano on stage.
There is no little girl playing the piano.
There is no little girl with blond hair smiling and sitting on a swing.
There is no little kid playing football and falling into the grass.
There is no man and child kayaking through gentle waters.
There is no man being hit.
There is no man breaking a slab of concrete with a sledge hammer.
There is no man breaking wooden boards with his hand.
There is no man carrying a woman.
There is no man chopping a log with an axe.
There is no man cooking a snake.
There is no man cutting a boot with a sword.
There is no man cutting a box.
There is no man cutting a fish.
There is no man cutting a paper.
There is no man cutting a paper plate.
There is no man cutting a potato.
There is no man cutting a rope with a sword.
There is no man cutting an onion.
There is no man cutting onions.
There is no man cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl.
There is no man cutting tomatoes.
There is no man dancing.
There is no man dancing on the road.
There is no man dancing upside-down on the ceiling.
There is no man diving off a cliff.
There is no man doing a card trick.
There is no man doing back flips on a trampoline.
There is no man doing pull-ups.
There is no man drawing.
There is no man drawing a picture.
There is no man dressed in black and riding a green bike.
There is no man dressed in black wearing an elaborate black mask.
There is no man drinking orange juice and walking on a sunny day.
There is no man driving a car.
There is no man driving the car.
There is no man dunking the ball at a basketball game.
There is no man eating a banana.
There is no man eating a bowl of cereal.
There is no man eating a pizza.
There is no man eating cereal.
There is no man eating food.
There is no man eating some food.
There is no man exercising.
There is no man fishing in the river.
There is no man fitting a silencer to a pistol.
There is no man fixing a silencer to a gun.
There is no man frying a tortilla.
There is no man holding a frog.
There is no man holding a mask in his raised hand.
There is no man holding a sign and seeking money.
There is no man in a black jacket doing tricks on a motorbike.
There is no man in a grey t-shirt sitting on a rock in front of the waterfall.
There is no man in a hat playing a harp.
There is no man in a pose being watched by another man.
There is no man in a purple suit standing by a purple case and playing a guitar.
There is no man in a red jacket standing next to a yellow kayak on some rocks by the ocean.
There is no man in a red uniform making a jump in a dirt bike race.
There is no man in a suit standing at a microphone and singing.
There is no man is pushing the buttons of a microwave.
There is no man loading a rifle with bullets.
There is no man making a phone call.
There is no man massaging a woman.
There is no man mixing.
There is no man mixing vegetables in a pot.
There is no man mowing grass.
There is no man on a bicycle riding on one wheel only.
There is no man on a bicycle riding on the beach.
There is no man on a boat in front of the sunset.
There is no man on a rock high above some trees standing in a strange position.
There is no man opening a box with a knife.
There is no man opening a door.
There is no man patting an alligator on the mouth.
There is no man peeling an onion.
There is no man performing a trick on a green bicycle.
There is no man playing a bamboo flute.
There is no man playing a flute.
There is no man playing a game on the grass.
There is no man playing a guitar.
There is no man playing a guitar on stage.
There is no man playing a harp.
There is no man playing a keyboard.
There is no man playing a piano.
There is no man playing a violin.
There is no man playing a wooden flute.
There is no man playing an electronic keyboard.
There is no man playing flute.
There is no man playing guitar.
There is no man playing guitar next to a drummer.
There is no man playing soccer.
There is no man playing the drums.
There is no man playing the guitar.
There is no man playing the guitar loudly.
There is no man playing the piano.
There is no man playing the piano with his nose.
There is no man playing two keyboards.
There is no man playing with a skull.
There is no man pointing at a car.
There is no man pouring cleaner into the sink.
There is no man pouring liquid into a pot.
There is no man pouring oil into a pan.
There is no man pouring some oil on the tomatoes.
There is no man praying.
There is no man putting some cheese on a pizza.
There is no man rapidly chopping some mushrooms with a knife.
There is no man reading an email.
There is no man reading the email.
There is no man recklessly riding a horse.
There is no man riding a horse.
There is no man riding a mechanical bull.
There is no man riding a motorcycle.
There is no man riding a motorcycle through the town.
There is no man riding a water toy in the water.
There is no man riding an electric bicycle.
There is no man running down the road.
There is no man running on the road.
There is no man running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine.
There is no man screaming.
There is no man screwing a piece of wood to a wall.
There is no man shaking a container over a sink in the kitchen.
There is no man sharpening a knife.
There is no man shooting a shotgun.
There is no man shooting guns.
There is no man singing and playing a guitar.
There is no man singing and playing the guitar.
There is no man singing to a woman.
There is no man sitting on a chair and rubbing his eyes.
There is no man sitting on the chair.
There is no man sitting on the floor and playing a guitar.
There is no man skiing down a snowy hill.
There is no man slicing a bun.
There is no man slicing a potato.
There is no man slicing a potato into pieces.
There is no man slicing a tomato.
There is no man slicing an onion.
There is no man slicing potatoes.
There is no man slicing some bread.
There is no man speaking.
There is no man speaking on a podium.
There is no man speaking on a stage.
There is no man spitting.
There is no man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog.
There is no man sprinkling cheese on the pizza.
There is no man sprinkling seasoning on several sliced and buttered loaves of bread.
There is no man sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza.
There is no man squatting in brush and taking a photograph.
There is no man squirting water into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun.
There is no man standing beside a large and colorful birdcage.
There is no man standing in the middle of a gym and is wearing a jersey.
There is no man standing near the water and holding fishing poles.
There is no man standing next to a bus.
There is no man standing on a roof top and playing a violin.
There is no man thinking.
There is no man tying a shoe.
There is no man walking along a path through a wilderness.
There is no man walking in the rain.
There is no man walking outside.
There is no man wearing a black helmet and pushing a bicycle.
There is no man wearing a long sleeved blue shirt and jeans and riding a unicycle down a street.
There is no man wearing a shirt dyed black, sitting at the table and laughing.
There is no man wearing a straw hat who is smoking a cigarette.
There is no man wearing clothes that are covered with paint or is sitting outside in a busy area writing something.
There is no man wiping the edge of a bowl.
There is no man with a camera studying the subject.
There is no man with a hard hat dancing.
There is no man working on the laptop.
There is no man writing a note near a bike.
There is no milk being drunk by a cat.
There is no monkey brushing the dog.
There is no monkey kicking a person.
There is no monkey kicking at the gloved hand of a person.
There is no monkey practicing martial arts.
There is no monkey pulling a dog's tail.
There is no monkey riding a bike.
There is no monkey teasing a dog at the zoo.
There is no monkey wading through a marsh.
There is no motorcyclist on a bike leaning into a sharp corner.
There is no motorcyclist riding a motorbike along a roadway.
There is no one banging a camera lens against a nail.
There is no one climbing on the grotto with a pink interior.
There is no one cutting a tomato.
There is no one on the shore.
There is no one peeling a banana.
There is no one playing a piano.
There is no one playing the guitar.
There is no one sitting in lawn chairs and reading books.
There is no one typing.
There is no panda bear eating some bamboo.
There is no panda climbing.
There is no paper being cut with scissors.
There is no parrot speaking.
There is no person boiling noodles.
There is no person buttering a tray.
There is no person cutting an onion.
There is no person cutting some ginger.
There is no person cutting some mushrooms.
There is no person in bike gear standing steadily in front of the mountains.
There is no person kicking a soccer ball between somebody's feet.
There is no person on a bike jumping through the air with the sun flaring through the bike frame.
There is no person peeling a potato.
There is no person peeling an onion.
There is no person playing a piano.
There is no person pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove.
There is no person riding a bike.
There is no person riding a bike along a muddy trail.
There is no person riding a jetski in the waves.
There is no person riding a motorbike in the event related to motocross.
There is no person setting fire to the cameras.
There is no person singing and playing the guitar.
There is no person slicing a carrot into pieces.
There is no person slicing a potato.
There is no person slicing an onion.
There is no person standing in a vast field of glacial ice.
There is no person throwing a cat at the ceiling.
There is no person wearing a hat and sitting on the grass.
There is no person wearing grey pants who is airborne on a snowboard.
There is no person wearing jeans sitting on top of a horse saddle.
There is no person with a blue backpack hiking in rocky area.
There is no person writing.
There is no pet dog standing on the bank and looking at another brown dog in the pond.
There is no policewoman singing at karaoke.
There is no puppy rolling.
There is no rabbit playing with a toy rabbit.
There is no rhino grazing in a field.
There is no rhino grazing on the grass.
There is no rope being climbed by a man.
There is no seabird flying over some rocks.
There is no seated woman singing a song and playing the guitar.
There is no small bee landing on a bunch of yellow flowers.
There is no small boy in a yellow shirt laughing on the beach.
There is no small child in a pink sweater climbing a concrete staircase.
There is no small dog chasing a large brown cow.
There is no small guinea pig gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.
There is no snowboarder doing a flip over a mound of snow.
There is no snowboarder grinding down a long concrete rail.
There is no snowboarder jumping off the snow.
There is no soccer player who is being tackled by an opponent.
There is no squirrel spinning around in circles.
There is no surfer leaning on a surfboard.
There is no surfer riding the wave.
There is no tan dog jumping up and catching a tennis ball.
There is no tan skinned child looking at the camera.
There is no team playing soccer.
There is no tennis player lunging to the left.
There is no tiger cub making a sound.
There is no topless woman covered in mud.
There is no toy train striking a toy car.
There is no veteran showing things from a war to some people.
There is no water being drunk by a cat.
There is no white and brown dog pacing with through the water difficulty.
There is no white car being driven by the man.
There is no white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet looking outside the window.
There is no white dog standing on the leaves on the ground.
There is no white dog wearing a Christmas reindeer headband and playing with a brown dog in the grass.
There is no white dog with beige spots running through a field.
There is no white race car driving through a puddle.
There is no window being cleaned by a man.
There is no woman adding spices to some meat.
There is no woman beating two eggs in a bowl and using a whisk made of wire.
There is no woman being kissed by a man.
There is no woman breaking eggs in a bowl.
There is no woman chopping up an octopus.
There is no woman cleaning a shrimp.
There is no woman coating a pork chop.
There is no woman combing her hair.
There is no woman cooking a breaded pork chop.
There is no woman cooking eggs.
There is no woman cooking fish.
There is no woman cracking an egg into a bowl.
There is no woman cutting a potato.
There is no woman cutting a vegetable.
There is no woman cutting an onion.
There is no woman cutting broccoli.
There is no woman cutting onions.
There is no woman cutting potatoes.
There is no woman dancing.
There is no woman dancing and singing in the rain.
There is no woman dancing in a cage.
There is no woman dancing near a fire.
There is no woman deep frying food.
There is no woman dipping a shrimp in batter.
There is no woman driving a car and talking to the man seated beside her.
There is no woman exercising.
There is no woman firing a rifle.
There is no woman frying something.
There is no woman frying something in a pan.
There is no woman in a purple top walking a bicycle between two stone columns.
There is no woman in a yellow shirt surfing on a pink surfboard.
There is no woman mixing eggs.
There is no woman peeling a potato.
There is no woman penciling on eyeshadow.
There is no woman placing skewers onto a rack.
There is no woman playing a flute.
There is no woman playing a guitar.
There is no woman playing an electric guitar.
There is no woman playing the violin.
There is no woman playing with two young boys at a park.
There is no woman pouring ingredients into a bowl.
There is no woman preparing an egg in a skillet.
There is no woman putting a child in a waste bin.
There is no woman putting meat in a pan.
There is no woman putting on lipstick.
There is no woman putting on makeup.
There is no woman riding a horse.
There is no woman riding a water scooter.
There is no woman riding on an elephant.
There is no woman scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush.
There is no woman slicing a carrot.
There is no woman slicing a clove of garlic.
There is no woman slicing a fish.
There is no woman slicing a green pepper.
There is no woman slicing a potato.
There is no woman slicing a tomato.
There is no woman slicing an eggplant.
There is no woman slicing an onion.
There is no woman slicing meat with a knife.
There is no woman slicing potatoes.
There is no woman slicing tofu.
There is no woman snowboarding down an incline and there is no other woman standing behind her.
There is no woman squeezing juice out of a lemon.
There is no woman standing near three children.
There is no woman stroking a lemur.
There is no woman tapping her fingers.
There is no woman using a sewing machine.
There is no woman using an eye pencil and applying eye liner to her eyelid.
There is no woman wearing a blue helmet and riding a bicycle in a parking lot.
There is no woman wearing a blue shirt with a white vest and a white cap, talking and marching.
There is no woman wearing sunglasses of large size and holding newspapers in both hands.
There is no woman with black hair standing in front of a plywood wall.
There is no young Asian woman with pink gloves standing in the snow.
There is no young boy covered in grass jumping near a wooden fence.
There is no young boy jumping in the air with his knees bent and arms spread.
There is no young boy playing a wind instrument.
There is no young boy playing in the park with his mother.
There is no young boy riding a dirt bike through the mud.
There is no young boy singing and playing a guitar.
There is no young child dressed for cold weather standing outside.
There is no young child running outside over the fallen leaves.
There is no young child splashing in the water.
There is no young child standing in front of some trees.
There is no young child wearing a white coat and playing a game.
There is no young girl in a blue shirt walking on the sidewalk and holding up a pink sign.
There is no young girl in a winter coat jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach.
There is no young lady with light brown hair wearing a red necklace, a sweatshirt and earrings and smiling.
There is no young man with brown hair and sunglasses sitting in front of some cans of soda.
There is nobody jumping in the air on a board.
This group of people is practicing water safety and wearing preservers.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a man is looking.
Three Asian kids are dancing and a serious man is looking.
Three Asian kids are dancing and there is no man looking.
Three boys are carefully walking on rocks along a river.
Three boys are jumping in the leaves.
Three boys are jumping off a platform.
Three boys are resting on rocks along a river.
Three boys are rocking the walk along the river.
Three boys are walking on rocks along a river.
Three boys in karate costumes are fighting.
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting.
Three boys in karate uniform are sparring.
Three children are running down a grassy hillside.
Three children are running down a hillside covered by grass.
Three children are running down hill.
Three children are running up a grassy hillside.
Three children are running up hill.
Three dogs are resting on a couch.
Three dogs are resting on a sidewalk.
Three dogs are resting on the pavement.
Three dogs are sniffing at something.
Three enemies are making faces for the camera.
Three friends are making faces for a photo.
Three friends are making faces for the camera.
Three hikers are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars.
Three hikers are standing on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars.
Three kids are jumping in the leaves.
Three kids are running down hill.
Three kids are sitting in the leaves.
Three men and a woman are posing for a picture.
Three men and a woman are running away from a picture.
Three men and a woman are standing still for a picture.
Three men are dancing.
Three men are jumping off a tall wall.
Three men are jumping off a wall.
Three men are jumping on a wall.
Three men are looking absent mindedly into the distance.
Three men are looking at something nearby.
Three men are looking into the distance.
Three men are lying on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky.
Three men are not staring at the big green hills in the distance.
Three men are practicing karate in a field.
Three men are practicing karate in a gym.
Three men are practicing karate outdoors.
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the mountains and sky.
Three men are sitting on a hill and looking at the sea.
Three men are sitting on a mountainside and looking at the view with a pair of binoculars.
Three men are sitting together near woven walls.
Three men are staring at the big green hills in the distance.
Three men are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river.
Three people are driving ATVs.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a field.
Three people are driving four wheel ATVs in a street.
Three people are driving four wheel vehicles in a field.
Three people are sitting on a bench under some palm trees.
Three people are standing by a bench under some palm trees.
Three people are standing next to a tree limb.
Three people are walking across a rope and steel bridge over a river.
Three people are walking across a rope and wood bridge over a river.
Three small cats is sniffing at something.
Three small dogs are sniffing at something.
Three teenage girls are dancing in the room.
Three teenage girls are idling in the room.
Three women are dancing.
Three women are resting in a village.
Three women are running in a village.
Three women are sitting in a village.
Three women are sitting together near woven walls.
Three women are standing still.
Three young girls are dancing in the room.
Three young men are furiously running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine.
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine.
Tiles are being broken with his hands by a man.
Tofu is being sliced by a woman.
Tofu isn't being sliced by a woman.
Two adults are not standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers.
Two adults are sitting in the chairs and are watching the ocean.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of flowers.
Two adults are standing on a scooter in a field of yellow flowers.
Two angels are making snow on the lying children.
Two animals are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another.
Two animals are playing outside.
Two animals are running through high grass.
Two animals are running through the park.
Two baby pandas are playing.
Two baby pandas are sleeping.
Two balls are bouncing against some colorful kids.
Two basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court.
Two bikes are being ridden by two people.
Two black puppies are playing near a pool.
Two blokes are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of a body of water.
Two bmx bikers are jumping dirt ramps in front of the water.
Two boy are playing on a trampoline.
Two boys and a man are playing games at an arcade.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a blue mat.
Two boys are doing martial arts on a green mat.
Two boys are laying in the ocean close to the beach.
Two boys are laying in the ocean far to the beach.
Two boys are laying in the water close to the beach.
Two boys are not talking on the phone.
Two boys are playing a video game.
Two boys are studying.
Two boys are talking on the phone.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are enthusiastically tugging at a rope on a wooden platform.
Two boys are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform.
Two boys in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat.
Two boys on a couch are playing games on the TV.
Two boys on a couch are playing video games.
Two boys on a couch are reading a book.
Two boys, who look small, dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area behind a tree.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a plant.
Two brown and white dogs are fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree.
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red ball and are playing in the grass.
Two brown dogs are fighting over a red toy and are playing in the grass.
Two brown dogs are leaving a frisbee in the water.
Two brown dogs are playing with a frisbee in the water.
Two brown dogs are playing with the frisbee in the water.
Two cars are racing down the track.
Two cars for racing are on a road in front of a grassy parking area.
Two cats are fighting each other.
Two cats are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another.
Two cats are looking at something that is splashing in the water.
Two cats are lying together.
Two cats are playfully fighting each other.
Two cats are playing with a red ball.
Two cats on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy.
Two children and an adult are not standing next to a tree limb.
Two children and an adult are standing next to a tree limb.
Two children are bouncing on colorful balls.
Two children are climbing a tree.
Two children are crouching under some bars made of metal.
Two children are crouching under some metal bars.
Two children are hanging on a large branch.
Two children are leaning on a rusty ledge.
Two children are lying in the snow and are drawing angels.
Two children are lying in the snow and are making snow angels.
Two children are not playing in the surf.
Two children are not playing soccer in the park.
Two children are peering over a ledge, which is rusty.
Two children are peering over a rusty ledge.
Two children are playing.
Two children are playing in the surf.
Two children are playing on a statue.
Two children are playing soccer in the park.
Two children are playing with a ball in the park.
Two children are rolling in clean water.
Two children are rolling in dirty water.
Two children are rolling in muddy water.
Two children are stretching over some metal bars.
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sitting on a mat.
Two children in white outfits and red protective gear are sparring on a mat.
Two children, who are small, are playing with a toy car in the street.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a building.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the side of a palace.
Two construction workers are sitting up on the top of a building.
Two cows are fighting in a pasture by a man.
Two crocodiles are floating in a green colored swimming pool near some playing kids.
Two cubs are playing.
Two daschunds are playing with a red ball.
Two dogs and two people are sitting in the woods.
Two dogs and two people are walking in a wood.
Two dogs and two people are walking in the woods.
Two dogs are battling for a frisbee in a lake.
Two dogs are being petted by a man.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing on the beach.
Two dogs are cheerfully playing together on the grass.
Two dogs are fighting.
Two dogs are fighting for a frisbee in a lake.
Two dogs are frolicking in the snow.
Two dogs are in a kennel on their hind legs and are facing one another.
Two dogs are jumping through snowy grass and rocks.
Two dogs are leaping through snowy grass and rocks.
Two dogs are looking at something that is moving in the water.
Two dogs are looking at something that is splashing in the water.
Two dogs are looking up at a kitchen countertop.
Two dogs are playing by a plant.
Two dogs are playing by a tree.
Two dogs are playing in a forest.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
Two dogs are playing inside.
Two dogs are playing on a beach.
Two dogs are playing on a beach made of rocks.
Two dogs are playing on a rocky beach.
Two dogs are playing on a sandy beach.
Two dogs are playing on the beach.
Two dogs are playing outside.
Two dogs are playing together on the grass.
Two dogs are playing with a small red ball.
Two dogs are playing with each other.
Two dogs are resting on the beach.
Two dogs are resting together in the grass.
Two dogs are running and carrying a toy in their mouths.
Two dogs are running and carrying an object in their mouths.
Two dogs are running and catching a tennis ball.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a ball.
Two dogs are running and trying to catch a soccer ball.
Two dogs are running quickly through a park.
Two dogs are running quickly through the park.
Two dogs are running through high grass.
Two dogs are running through the beach.
Two dogs are running through the park.
Two dogs are running through water.
Two dogs are sleeping by a tree.
Two dogs are walking slowly through a park.
Two dogs are wrestling and hugging.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking angrily at each other across a street.
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street.
Two dogs on a lawn are playing with a plastic toy.
Two dogs on the grass are playing with a plastic toy.
Two football players are scrambling for the ball on the court.
Two frightened boys are talking on the phone.
Two girl with dogs are walking on a forest path.
Two girls are happily playing inside a jumper house.
Two girls are jumping inside a playing house.
Two girls are laughing and other girls are watching them.
Two girls are laughing breathlessly and other girls are watching them.
Two girls are lying on the ground.
Two girls are not playing inside the jumper house.
Two girls are playing guitar.
Two girls are playing inside a jumper house.
Two girls are sitting on the ground.
Two girls are wearing brown shirts and are tugging at a rope on a wooden platform.
Two girls in their teens are wearing fancy dresses at an event.
Two groups of people are playing football.
Two guys are sitting around a table and holding beers in their hands.
Two guys are standing by a table and putting some beers down on it.
Two kids and a man are playing games at an arcade.
Two kids and a woman are playing games at an arcade.
Two kids are bouncing on colorful balls.
Two kids are doing martial arts on a blue mat.
Two kids are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue.
Two kids are not sticking out blue and green colored tongues.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a crocodile float that is green.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float.
Two kids are pulling an inflatable crocodile out of a pool.
Two kids are pushing an inflatable crocodile in a pool.
Two kids are pushing past a crocodile in an inflatable pool.
Two kids are sitting on colorful balls.
Two kids are sticking out blue and green colored tongues.
Two kids are taking out a green colored crocodile float from a swimming pool.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a field.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a grassy field.
Two large dogs are frolicking in a parking lot.
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are quickly moving through snowy terrain.
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are running through snowy terrain.
Two large dogs, a light colored one and a dark one, are sleeping on a snowy terrain.
Two large park benches have a person sitting and a bottle of soda between them.
Two large persons are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them.
Two large persons are standing near a park bench and they have nothing between them.
Two little boys are not wearing tuxedos.
Two little boys are playing outside with a soccer ball on the green grass.
Two little boys are wearing tuxedos.
Two little kids are wearing tuxedos.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and no one is jumping into the water.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the sea.
Two males are standing on a cliff edge and one is jumping into the water.
Two men and a girl in behind of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces.
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are making funny faces.
Two men and a girl in front of a wood panel wall are posing with funny faces.
Two men are battling.
Two men are boxing.
Two men are breaking into a car during a trip on a snowy road.
Two men are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building.
Two men are competing in a tire rolling race.
Two men are dancing and singing in front of a crowd.
Two men are doing a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
Two men are doing a skit, which is very funny, with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
Two men are driving down the road in an open-air vehicle.
Two men are fighting.
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen.
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture.
Two men are fighting in a pasture for cows.
Two men are fighting in a pen for cattle.
Two men are fist fighting in a ring.
Two men are getting off of an orange raft on the shore.
Two men are holding bikes and standing on the side of a road covered of snow.
Two men are holding fishing poles.
Two men are holding fishing poles and fishing tackle.
Two men are holding some water standing near fishing poles.
Two men are hugging.
Two men are leaving the stage.
Two men are looking out and binoculars are being held by one of them.
Two men are looking out and one is holding a spyglass.
Two men are looking out and one is holding binoculars.
Two men are not fighting.
Two men are not holding fishing poles.
Two men are not taking a break from construction.
Two men are outside a cattle pen.
Two men are playing guitar.
Two men are playing ping pong.
Two men are playing table football.
Two men are playing table tennis.
Two men are racing in a tire rolling competition.
Two men are rafting near a rider in orange on the shore.
Two men are riding an orange raft on the beach.
Two men are riding an orange raft on the shore.
Two men are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground.
Two men are standing in deep water.
Two men are standing in the ocean.
Two men are standing near the water and are holding fishing poles.
Two men are standing near the water and are holding tools used for fishing.
Two men are standing together and one is looking in the distance.
Two men are standing together and one is looking through binoculars.
Two men are swimming in deep water.
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a road covered by snow.
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road.
Two men are taking a break from construction.
Two men are taking a break from work.
Two men are talking.
Two men are walking on a snowy road.
Two men are walking through a river.
Two men are walking through the grass.
Two men are walking through the water.
Two men are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow.
Two men dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench.
Two men in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor.
Two men with a dog are boring a crowd of people.
Two men with bikes are on the side of a snowy road.
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road.
Two men with dogs are walking on a forest path.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are sitting in front of a large gathering of people outside a building.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing aimlessly in front of a large gathering of people outside a building.
Two men, a woman, and two young boys are standing in front of a large gathering of people outside a building.
Two old ladies are wearing worn dresses at home.
Two panda bears are lying together.
Two pandas are lying together.
Two pandas are not lying together.
Two people are arguing near a crowd.
Two people are carrying colorful baskets and blankets and walking near a building.
Two people are carrying gray baskets and blankets and walking near a building.
Two people are driving a boat and a lady is sitting on the top of it.
Two people are driving a jeep and a girl is sitting on the top of it.
Two people are driving a jeep and a lady is sitting on the top of it.
Two people are driving a motorcycle.
Two people are fighting and spectators are watching.
Two people are fist fighting in a ring.
Two people are ignoring the nearby gold statue.
Two people are in the snow holding two dogs with golden coats.
Two people are in the snow not wearing clothes, which provides camouflage. .
Two people are in the snow, wearing clothes that provide camouflage.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are not watching.
Two people are kickboxing and spectators are watching.
Two people are kissing near a crowd.
Two people are looking at a gold statue.
Two people are looking at a statue made of gold.
Two people are not riding motorbikes.
Two people are passionately kissing near a crowd.
Two people are playing ping pong.
Two people are riding a bike.
Two people are riding a motorcycle.
Two people are riding motorbikes.
Two people are seated near a camel and another camel is in the foreground.
Two people are seated on a camel and another camel is in the foreground.
Two people are sitting comfortably on the bench.
Two people are sitting in lawn chairs and are reading books.
Two people are sitting on a bench.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a hot day.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a rainy day.
Two people are sitting on a park bench on a sunny day.
Two people are sitting on a white bench.
Two people are sitting with laden baskets and blankets.
Two people are standing in the ocean and looking at the sunset.
Two people are standing in the ocean and watching the sunset.
Two people are standing on a bench.
Two people are stopping on a motorcycle.
Two people are talking.
Two people are wading through the water.
Two people are walking near the water.
Two people are walking two dogs with golden coats in the snow.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and blankets.
Two people are walking with laden baskets and colorful blankets.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside near the street.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the seashore.
Two people dressed in green and red costumes are outside on the sidewalk.
Two people in a race are flipping the tires of a tractor.
Two people in snowsuits are lying in the snow and making snow angels.
Two people in two chairs are reading.
Two people in two chairs are reading pleasantly.
Two people in two chairs are talking.
Two people wearing helmets are driving over the yellow and white flowers.
Two people wearing helmets are not riding over the yellow and white flowers.
Two people wearing helmets are riding over the yellow and white flowers.
Two people wearing snowsuits are on the ground making snow angels.
Two persons are driving down the street in a jeep.
Two persons are shaking hands.
Two persons of large size are sitting on a park bench and they have a bottle of soda between them.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is lying down.
Two race cars are on a road in front of a grassy parking area.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are sitting on a red carpeted floor.
Two small boys dressed in tuxedos are standing on a red carpeted floor.
Two small children are idling in the street.
Two small children are playing with a toy car in the street.
Two spectators are kickboxing and some people are watching.
Two sumo ringers are fighting.
Two sumo ringers are not fighting.
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting.
Two tall basketball players are scrambling for the ball on the court.
Two teammates are lifting a football player in a red and white uniform.
Two teams are competing in a baseball game.
Two teams are competing in a football match.
Two teams are enthusiastically playing soccer.
Two teams are playing soccer.
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event.
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small.
Two toddlers are eating on a really small wagon full of corndogs .
Two toddlers are sleeping in a wagon, which is really small.
Two twin preteen boys are dueling with sticks.
Two twin preteen boys are playing with cards.
Two twin preteen kids are dueling with sticks.
Two white cats are playing with a brown dog and a ball.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a ball.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are chasing a toy.
Two white dogs and one brown dog are not chasing a ball.
Two white dogs are not running together.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a ball.
Two white dogs are playing with a brown dog and a tennis ball.
Two white dogs are quickly running together.
Two white dogs are running and jumping along a beach.
Two white dogs are running together.
Two white puppies are playing near a pool.
Two white puppies are playing near water.
Two women are competing in a tire rolling race.
Two women are dancing.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of many people.
Two women are happily dancing.
Two women are naked and are standing on the sand.
Two women are not dancing.
Two women are sparring in a kickboxing match.
Two women are standing together and one is looking through binoculars.
Two women are talking.
Two women are wearing bikinis and are walking on the sand.
Two women are wearing bikinis and walking on the sand.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the beach which is sandy.
Two women are wearing bikinis on the sandy beach.
Two women dressed in white and black are relaxing on a bench.
Two women dressed in white and black are sitting on a bench.
Two women with black hair are standing in front of a plywood wall.
Two women with black hair are standing steadily in front of a plywood wall.
Two women with dogs are walking on a forest path.
Two women with folded arms, who are young, are looking at the screen.
Two young boys are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue.
Two young boys are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out.
Two young children are eating corndogs.
Two young girl are looking up at the camera and one is sticking out his tongue.
Two young girls are sitting on the ground.
Two young girls are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out.
Two young kids are eating corndogs.
Two young kids are fasting.
Two young kids are playing with a man eating corndogs.
Two young kids are wearing hats and sticking their colored tongues out.
Two young men are cheerfully playing outside near a golden statue.
Two young men are playing outside near a golden statue.
Two young men are sitting outside near a golden statue.
Two young women are not sparring in a kickboxing fight.
Two young women are sparring in a kickboxing fight.
Two young women with folded arms are looking at the screen.
Two young women with folded arms are looking away from the screen.
Various customers are eating in a crowded restaurant with purple lights.
Various people are eating at red tables in a crowded restaurant with purple lights.
Vegetables are being mixed in a pot by a man.
Vegetables are being put into a pot by a man.
Vegetables are being sliced by a man.
Video games of two playing boys are on a couch.
Water is being drunk by a soccer player sitting on the field.
Water is being squirted by a man into the mouth of a white dog with a squirt gun.
Weights are being lifted by the man.
Women are not wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are not pointing at something in the distance.
Women are sawing logs.
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are curiously pointing at something in the distance.
Women are wearing bunny ears and race numbers and are pointing at something in the distance.
Young men are dancing in front of some people.